---
title: Weekly review (March 29th)
date: 3/29/2026
---

**Writing with caution**

One of the things apparent through a reading of this week's daily essay's^[This is the first essay of this kind. This an attempt at reviewing everything I've over the past week by decomposing all of the daily posts I've written. It's an exercise to both internalize what I've written more deeply (as often I just forget) and also to create some sort of self-accountability loop where I can see what direction I'm roughly moving towards for any given seven-day period.Hopefully this becomes a weekly thing done on Sunday's moving forward.] is the fact that there's a stark difference between those that are written with more, and those that are written with less caution.

Caution in essay writing^[At least in mine, for this particular batch of essays.] manifested itself as sentences or paragraphs carefully dressed to appear more than they are. You can see examples of this in both [March 14th](https://santiagoapontec.github.io/daily-posts/2026-3-14.html) as well as in [March 17th](https://santiagoapontec.github.io/daily-posts/2026-3-17.html).

> "I’ve been in a state of conscious denial of work."^[What does this mean? We don't know, it's not elaborated in the essay at all.]
>
> Daily - March 14th

> "I was at points light like a feather moving through the work joyfully, and at some others I was an anchor going to the bottom of the pool of existential despair."
>
> Daily - March 17th

You see how in both of these I try and create fancy-sounding word combinations or sentences in an attempt to either cover up for an idea or concept I've yet to develop fully in my mind (like I do in March 14th) or as a way to try and make things sound fuller than they probably are (like I do in March 17th).

It appears paradoxical that I'd do this since a common undertone of much of my writing is the desire for what I many times call _deep knowledge and understanding_. It seems counterintuitive then to be writing - without apparent qualm - in a way which masquerades surface level insights as deeper ideas. This is something that I need to work on as it is both important as means to align my words to my actions^[Don't forget *"My tongue is willing to walk further than my feet are willing to step*] and also to become a better and more articulate writer and thinker.

Now, there's a further point here which is that sometimes I may be doing this as parachute to not have to explore my thoughts and feelings at deeper level. For instance, in the same March 17th essay you see that after the first three paragraphs I start to write with less caution - and I actually allow myself to write in a way that is less impersonal than the masquerading of words.

Then sentences, like these appear

> "I then went on a quick internet search to look for reviews of the course site I had in mind. Two searches proved enough to collapse my brain."
>
> Daily, March 17th

> "But agreeing with that is very internally conflicting. I am trying to package my learning into neat little-packaged pre-requisite maps — the only difference is I’m going solo. No course required."
>
> Daily, March 17th

I'm not saying this is Pulitzer level writing, but it's much more readable than excerpts like the ones we saw above.

The takeaway here is to try and engage with ideas more, not just figure out a way to make them ambiguous to try and hide the lack of substance behind them.

**Narratives**

Writing with caution can also be thought of as way of shaping the narrative. With enough effort, one may be able to wrap lazy and empty ideas with ambiguity and nuance so that they appear fuller and richer - and at the end of the day all that's doing is contributing to the narrative each of us is building.

This reminds me of a book I read not to long ago (Revolutionary Road^[Which also has a film by the same name, starring Leo]) in which the entirety of the story is really just that - characters that for so long have hid behind the belief that they're so different from everyone around them, that even when they find themselves doing what everyone else is doing, and having done it for as long as they have, still seem to really have believed their own narrative. This in spite of the fact that their story tells us that they're just like everyone else.

And I think that's precisely one of the things we uncover through this week's reading. Like most everyone around me, I'm also creating a narrative.

Now, that's not so bad, after all. We are indeed meaning-seeking creatures and we look to ascribe purpose or sense to the things we see around us and to the things we do. Narratives are an incredibly important part of how we live our lives - if you think about it, they're how we relate to people and so naturally they're also how we relate to ourselves and to the world around us.

Here's where the thing comes though - since narratives are how we relate to ourselves, to others, and to the world, it is important that whatever our narrative is, that it at least be consistent. This is because of the fact that at any given time there are two narratives going on in parallel. The first is the fact-driven narrative, which we could just say is the rough story anyone looking at a table of facts could come up with. And the second is our created-narrative, which is the story that _we_ choose to tell the world.

The world will - at first - usually choose to believe your created-narrative. It really has no reason not to - it does not know the facts of your life, and so it uses your story (and their bullshit detector) as a shortcut to define who it is that they think you are^[And in turn what they think you're useful for, where you may match, where may not, etc...]. But as time passes, they get chances to see the reality of who you are^[the facts]. It's as menial as the fact that they get to see how it is that you react to unfortunate little circumstances like the waiter dropping water on your lap, or your child being loud at the table.

With thousands of these, they get to equate the mathematics of you in their head - _Does the story you told them hold up to reality?_.^[If you said you were kind and soft, did you curse at the waiter? If you said you were patient and gracious, did you yell at your children?]

And this is where we get to the (very self-inflicted) problem of narratives. It's very easy for our fact-driven narrative and our created-narrative to be different from one another - again, narratives are how we relate to ourselves, so if our fact-driven narrative isn't good enough for us to live at peace with ourselves it's as easy as creating a compelling enough created-narrative.

But that's where for most us an unsettling feeling will come. With enough self-consciousness we'll know that the story we tell and the story that is are different, and so whatever the worlds believes of us, at the dawn of day we know that we're no more than forgers of a story. And that's deeply unsettling because if we're creating a narrative it's probably because we'd like for that to actually be our reality, and thus a special kind of pain comes to us. A pain that's reserved to punish those who are known as who what they know they're not.

And that's the pain I've felt for so long. It's just that now that there's a bunch of words on a screen to read back on it's much easier to diagnose where that pain is rooted.

You see it in [March 14th](https://santiagoapontec.github.io/daily-posts/2026-3-14.html).

> And my theory is that, like me, there are billions of others. Guys that aren’t 200 pounds overweight, are not living below a bridge somewhere, or happen to be far too deep into drugs or alcohol.
>
> Just guys living at home with their parents. Guys not astonishingly bad at anything but not terribly good at anything either. Guys who have girlfriends here and there but still jerk-off more than they should. Guys who can do 3 pull-ups, but not 10. Guys who are ultimately slowly dying at their desks, typing away at their excel sheets, code-editors, or whatever it is that they happen to do for the above-average salary they keep themselves going with.
>
> And that’s who I think I am.
>
> But as I’ve said before, there’s this tiny flame burning inside of me, I can still feel it telling me that there’s more. And I just wish it would just start a fire. I wish it would burn me to ashes and bring me back and renewed.
>
> Daily - March 14th

You see my created-narrative here. I'm a guy sat dead center, _oh but I'm destined for so much more, I can feel it!_.
And then you just keep building the narrative with whatever makes it stick - I interned in Wall Street, that must mean something right? Powerful and impressive men have taken me under their wing, that must mean something right? I passed through college effortlessly, that must mean something right?

But if you look at the facts, I'm a guy who's sat on the same chair he was sat when he was 15 years old. I'm a guy who's a deeply insecure as he was when he was 15 years old - I've just got more to hide behind now. I'm a guy who after 15 years has done nothing of what he said he would.

The fact-driven narrative and the created narrative are not compatible. And that only means I can't feel compatibility with myself.

**Action and thought**

Now, not all hope is lost. As painful as it may be, there is a way out of that broken place. It's painful though, because it's as if you were killing off a part of yourself to chase another^[You're probabaly actuallly doing this].

One of the ways to do that is to start living in action rather than in thought. This because living in thought is - probably - what has contributed to the created-narrative the most. When there's nothing to concrete for you to crash against it's much easier to justify why you're going to where your going.

That is, it's much easier to explain that you quit your job because it _wasn't a fit_ than it is to stick with a job long enough to see whether they keep or they fire you. It's easier to justify that it is to face.

In [March 15th](https://santiagoapontec.github.io/daily-posts/2026-3-15.html) you see a little attempt at forcing thought into action.

You see the essay starting with the same vague and dressed sentences as some others essays do - sentences like these

> There’s no easy way out — not for what I want to do. I want to fully face myself, I want to know me and change me
>
> Daily - March 15th

Then you see the essay subtly create a narrative

> And that’s okay, because life is all about trade-offs, and I’m happy with mine.3 I know that while there may be short-term comfort in living a different life — one where I lean in into being the 23 year old bachelor with money and his own flat, it’s this one that will satisfy me long-term.
>
> (...)
>
> It’s only up to me to finish this leaving like I had nothing left to give, throwing all my chips in the middle, so to say.
>
> Only then will I be able to rest easily at night — only then will I be able to move on with no regrets.
>
> Daily - March 15th

You see here that the _told-story_ is a really just a thread of justifying decisions. It's justifying the 23 year-old living with his parents. It's justifying the writing of the very essay as meaningful and purpose-driven work.

Notice also how that last two paragraphs are no more than cliffhangers for the story. They are a thread left to be followed in the future - but vague enough to be fit into whatever other story that may need to be told.

But thankfully before closing the essay^[Maybe even after closing the essay, you see the intentional line break as if I'm just writing a comment apart from the story] there's a better thread to hold-off from.

> To that point, that’s what we do tomorrow — we get up and do the boring work required to make reality a little less grim.
>
> For now, that looks like consistently doing a couple of things;
>
> 1. Running
> 2. Weight Lifting
> 3. Studying Math
> 4. Updating this page — with both essays and study journals
> 5. Remembering that while doing this feels necessary, none of it will fix me – it’s only God who can do that.5
>
> I’ll make it a point to write about these each day. Keep you updated on my consistency and progress in these — along with my thoughts as usual, of course.
>
> Daily - March 15th

Here I break the pattern. I break the pattern by introducing something which puts pause on story-telling. There's some specificity around what to do, around what metrics it is that the story should measure itself by. Now, there's always the possibility of dancing around the fact these things didn't get done for one reason or another - but that'd be narrative creation again. And if narrative creation has to constantly focus on jumping hurdles rather than connecting threads it becomes much easier to break.

Then comes [March 16th](https://santiagoapontec.github.io/daily-posts/2026-3-16.html), and there you interestingly see just how much forced action breaks the narrative-creating cycle.

The essay is still very much narrative-telling and narrative creating, but in comparison it's much worse in quality than the previous two essays. You see that much of the reason why though is because there's much more time spent doing things than thinking about things.

The narrative isn't as well developed but there's plenty of real story to tell. You see the stopwatch experiment and you see the results it produced - easy and clean.

It's interesting to see just how much this uncovers

> That amounts to a total of nine-hours and five-minutes tracked. Which means only 56% of my time today was tracked, of which I’d call less than 40% productive time1.
>
> It’s not pretty, but it’s what there is — tomorrow we try and improve, even if it's just a little bit.
>
> Daily - March 16th

Funny how in both the previous days I'd had _zero_ hours of productive time (if you subtract the essay writing), but because I had some pretty words in a screen by end of the day, the days _felt_ like more of a win instead as opposed to the day in which in practice I did magnitudes more to align both narratives.

It's also no small detail to mention that action breeds action - as you see in the last sentence, the tracking of what I did motivated me, and alerted me, to doing more.

I think this note I wrote as decomposing the essays describes it perfectly

(When comparing March 16th to the two previous days I write)

> This is probably why in the future I end up feeling miserable, because there’s tons and tons of essays of me writing about how great life could be, and all I could do to get there, and yet, when I read them back I’m still the exact same guy that wrote them.

That's all to conclude that only antidote to that special kind of pain we talked about is action - and action's way of curing you is stripping you off naked and building you back up again.

**Action _in action_**

You see this happening through the rest of the week in small but meaningful ways. And this is the last lesson from the week - action compounds, and action builds.

You see in [March 17th](https://santiagoapontec.github.io/daily-posts/2026-3-17.html) the first example. In this essay I'm essentially liberating myself off my worries and problems by writing about them. You can see in the tone just how many pent-up thoughts are freed. And what did it all come from? Thinking about how to do something and being paralyzed because I couldn't think of a good way to do it.

The good thing is that hindsight now gives us insights and we get to see that the exact thing I was worrying about I fixed about eight-days later when I just sucked it up and decided to just do the thing. You see this from [March 25th](https://santiagoapontec.github.io/daily-posts/2026-3-25-pbp.html) all the way through [March 27th](https://santiagoapontec.github.io/daily-posts/2026-3-27-pbp.html) - these are days spent mostly in action. Notice how that single fact changes the mood of the days completely, most of those days are ended satified and with more motivation for the next day.

> Action encourages action, and inaction excuses inaction.

**The devil will always try and get you, but you get better at fighting back**

The last thing I take from this week (and that I hope I take to heart from here on) is that living in action and working to amend narratives will always be a made-choice - and it'll be one you'll have to consciously make every new day.

We can see a funny example of this in [March 25th](https://santiagoapontec.github.io/daily-posts/2026-3-25-pbp.html).

In the main essay we see some of that warmer and more vulnerable writing which is articulating the fact that I have a natural tendency to want to do a million things at any given time.

> As it's common with me, there's so much I'd like to do in these forty days. I'd like to work at being jacked. I'd like to get super good at math and coding. I'd like to have a proficient working level of physics knowledge. I'd like to be a much better speaker. I'd like to have upped my knowledge of God and theology by a whole lot. I'd like to have run many miles and prepare for big races. And much more.
>
> Daily - March 25th

Then, in the sentence right after, you get to see some of the benefits of meta-analysis as I write

> But if there's a lesson I sure should've learned by now is that I plan and wish for too much and end up doing nothing.
>
> Daily - March 25th

Which is a good insight that cuts some of the narrative building.

Then, we see that insight and self-knowledge be useful in practice as we're reading through that day's play by play.

There we see that as I'm preparing to study mathematics I prime myself to remember the ways in which I'll try to excuse myself from working, and try ask myself to remember not to give in.

> I know my brain will try to play tricks on me to get me stop - the fact that the material seems too elementary, the fact that I'm not taking notes appropriately, the fact that there's so much left to do and so little time, etc, etc, etc...
>
> Let this note serve as reminder to myself to just do the problems in front of me, collect XP in the platform and let that be my guiding star for now. It may not be the best or most optimized method, but it's a way to do the thing, and that's what I need to learn to do, to just do the thing.
>
> Daily - Play by Play, March 25th

It'd be great if it stopped here, but hilariously enough we get a live demonstration of this later in the day. At 2:36 PM, after about two hours of studying, I write this

> Going to take a quick break, finished another hour of studying math3. Up to 124 XP on the day, so 82 extra on the hour, good pace.4
>
> Also had an urge to go and play around and try to code a little game so I can practice learning the factors of numbers. Just something I can do every day.
>
> Daily - Play by Play, March 25th

Here we see the little devils in full swing, trying to get me crack. But fortunately, I write this

> That's a sneaky way my brain is trying to get me away from the fundamentals and into "higher level work", but I won't budge. My compromise is that if I can get to 6 hours of study today, I can dedicate the rest of the day to the trying and code a simple game for learning factors. We've got 1 hour and 20 so far, we will see.
>
> Daily - Play by Play, March 25th

And indeed, I don't budge, I stay firm and continue to just do the work. And that compounds into doing the work for another three-days straight (and actually finishing the entirety of one of my goals^[Completing one full math academy course]).

Let this be a reminder to just do the work and let it compound.

**End^[As a note for honesty purposes, this review was published on Tuesday March 31st, not on March 29th. It took much more work than I thought - hopeffully I'll learn from it and be better hereon.]**

(You can find a link to the notes I took/used to write this review [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1guzb3uAskv4KNTSQDdT1BmmQFpTjkbC7fmufls9nk8E/edit?usp=sharing))

    - Santi
