---
title: 4/27 — Play by Play
date: 4/27/2026
---

**5:02 AM** - I'm up, as promised.

Ended up sleeping about 5 hours and 38 minutes according to my watch, so I was right in that it takes me a sec to go actually go to sleep.

After shutting down the computer I ended up watching a - 15 minute - video on the thing called Tribe V2. It's a model Meta just released that simulates human brian responses to stimuli, and it's based on actual human brain reactions. Pretty cool stuff. That reminded me that's the sort of stuff I want to be able to do/play around with at a high level someday.

I also read for about 10 mins, same book, the one on King David.

Ah, also right before bed my Math Academy subscription expired...so I'll have to get out $50 bucks to make it active again. It's a big hit to the finances to be honest, but I can't really complain, after all I have spent a good chunk of money on things I shouldn't have. Maybe it's just a reminder to be urgent with things, after all I am "wasting money" by not using it (which also leads me to think maybe I do a hybrid between writing the reviews and starting in pre-algebra...but we'll see.)

Anyways, first task of the day is to get the Math Academy account active again. And in general terms, the rest of the day should be enough to accomplish buying a new sim card, and auditioning for some sales roles.

Let's go get it.

**5:17 AM** - Alright, that's done. We're back in.

There's some good news too, we were promoted and we're in the sapphire league now, which is the 4th highest. It's six days until promotion/relegation day, so in theory we could be in the 3rd highest league by the time we go to the states, which Math Academy says puts us in the top 22% of users.

Anyways, I'll get working on the learning journal.

I'll try and not think about too much on whether it looks right as I imagine it will, because it won't...and I don't even really know how it is that I wanted to look. I'll just get words on paper in a way that makes sense and we'll go from there.

**6:31 AM** - I'm definitely making some progress, there are words on the screen. I'm having a bit of trouble thinking on whether these are notes to myself or to the world though...if they're for the world they're just not that great, I think they'd confuse a toddler, and if they are for me, they could be a bit more compact I think.

My hunch is that the notes should probably be for me...at least for now. Just looking at what I've written it just ends up being weird in the sense that it tries to be elemental in its explanations so that the theoretical person trying to learn this actually could if they'd never gone through the topic before, but it fails because I end up introducing more complex topics to make sense of the elemental topics. Like say, multiplication for place values.

Perhaps it'd be cleaner if I just write these as notes to myself, making sure I know I understand the concepts rather than trying to make sure a person who's never seen this before could understand them.

I'm also fighting the feeling that I just generally dislike the aesthetic of the journals. Ihe page design looks pretty good to me when it's an essay, but since learning journals constantly break off to have white space / introduce new ideas, the page ends up not looking great in my opinion.

I know that's a tangent though, and it doesn't really help the cause of learning any more than just leaving as it is for now. I guess writing it down just helps take the urge to change it out of me.

I think I'm going to go ahead and edit the journal and make it more of a note to me than a teaching guide for others.

**6:40 AM** - I'm going to go have some breakfast now. I'm so hungry.

I'll be back afterwards, tidy up the room a bit, and then we'll get on with editing.

**8:58 AM** - Alright, back at the desk.

I ended up watching a full episode of the Grand Tour^[Top Gear's latest show, on Amazon] whilst I had breakfast. I used some dodgy logic, but I convinced myself with the "Does it do more damage to just watch the show while I eat and then pause it vs having to fight through stoicly eating food every day?"

I also tidied up the room, washed the dishes and took the dogs out quickly.

Anyways, time to get back to work.

I may have to go pick up my sister just past 1 PM, but that's not a sure thing yet. My idea is to work on the math journal from here until 12 PM and then re-evaluate what the day looks like from there.

On we go.

**11:49 AM** - Okay, most of the place value journal is done.

I did end up re-writing most of it. It's okay, I don't love it or hate it.

One thing I realized is that if these are notes to myself I don't need to transcribe _all_ of what I learned in math academy, like how to turn numbers into words for example. Just the big general concepts I think are interconnected and are important for math literacy.

For instance, the one I'm missing in place value is the concept of carrying.

So that's probably the approach I'll try to take from here on. Just doing journals on concepts I know I should have settled in my mind and concepts which very concretely tie to understanding other topics.

**12:38 PM** - Alright, place value journal is done!

Going to take a quick shower, and then my thinking is I'll probably start in the pre-algebra course, and work until I get say at minium 60 XP, and then I'll get on the next learning journal which will be on addition (probably just on the standard algorithm).

That way we'll try and keep a decent balance between using the platform and actually advancing through the courses and not just staying in review and writing mode before we're allowed to move to anything else.

**2:13 PM** - Took a shower and had lunch. Just finished.

My mom is headed to pick up my sister, so I'm going to take advantage of that and have her drop me off at the mall so I can do the SIM card stuff - I need that because otherwise my service will be cut and I'll be completely without means of communication.

I may have to walk back, but that's alright, a walk is good to clear the mind.

**3:59 PM** - Just got back from that + took the dogs out with my sister for a minute there.

I still need to put the SIM cards in because they don't seem to be working quite yet, but I'll figure that out.

Quite honestly I'm very tired, so I'm going to allow myself to take it easy for a bit and watch a podcast - one of those Alex O'Connor debates which are always good and educational.

I'll do some actual Math academy work on pre-algebra before the day is over too.

**8:28 PM** - Well, that invariably turned into half a nap...which is a problem now because supposedly I need to go to be soon.

Ended up half watching half sleeping and having dinner too.

Going to work at Math Academy for a bit here and hope I can go to bed not too late. I guess to fix the routine I'll just have to not have a nap one of these days...

**9:13 PM** - I'm having quite a lot of fun with pre-algebra, I'm really digging it.

It's getting late...for a 5 am wake up that is. So I'm going to go ahead and try and get to bed. I'll turn everything off and just try and do some kindle reading to see if that gets me any closer to sleep.

As a plan for tomorrow, I know the champions league is on and I really do want to watch it, it's happening at 2 PM...I know however that tomorrow is one of the "heavy" training days because I have both a run and a strengthening session.

The run should take me no more than 30 mins, it's just a warm-up 4k (which is fun, warms up are doubling in distance since last week apparently), but the annoying bit comes in the strengthening session, looks at a minimum that'll be an hour or so long. I don't really mind an hour, but more than that and it starts to kind of get annoying for me.

Maybe what I'll do is put an episode of the Grand Tour while I do it, or maybe a podcast, I'm not sure. Perhpas that'll help make it a bit less dull. And then I'll just do breakfast while I work.

Perhaps the plan roughly looks like waking up around 5, doing about 45 mins worth of pre-algebra, going out for the run at 6, starting the workout at around 7 and so finishing around 8:30. Then breakfast coupled with pre-algebra until about 9:30, quick shower, and then work straight until about 1 PM. Then take the dogs out from 1-2 PM, come back and watch the match while I have lunch, and then back to work at around 4 PM or so.

It sounds manageable, we'll see if we can handle it.
