---
title: March 15th
date: 3/15/2026
---

I’m 23 years old, living at home with my parents, and writing essays for a page I’ve told not many people about^[And it's not my plan, really. If you’re reading this, either you’re a complete internet stranger to me (in which case; hey, hope the page has been sorta good for you), or you’re a close friend of mine — I think there’s no point in “promoting” the page, since my goal is not to become famous or make money from this, it’s simply to have a living journal of my progress in the hopes that it’s useful for me and perhaps someone else in the future.] — that hit me today.

Some not-so-old version of my^[14-day ago me…(probably 7 really)] mind would’ve gone running into the comfort of an exciting new plan — Getting a new job. Moving to some remote town and trying to be a waiter. Signing-up for ironman. Getting home and starting to plan my new start-up. Blah, blah, blah.

But today, I just sat with that discomfort. Not in the prettiest of ways, not completely unfaced by it — just sat with it, while staring at the restaurant table.

I’m slowly starting to understand what I’ve known for a long time. There’s no easy way out — not for what I want to do. I want to fully face myself, I want to know me and change me — and I don’t get to do that by running. I get to do that by facing the grim reality that I'm just a 23 year old guy, living at home with his parents, writing essays for a page he’s told no one about.

And that’s okay, because life is all about trade-offs, and I’m happy with mine.^[I hope I remember this.] I know that while there may be short-term comfort in living a different life — one where I lean in into being the 23 year old bachelor with money and his own flat, it’s this one that will satisfy me long-term. Not just if it works out, but if it doesn’t too. In the end, all I care about is feeling like I took the bet I wanted to take, not the one I felt I needed to.

It’s only up to me to finish this leaving like I had nothing left to give, throwing all my chips in the middle, so to say.

Only then will I be able to rest easily at night^[Interestingly enough I’ve been resting fairly easily at night recently — I’m happy that I’m doing what I say I’m going to most days, especially since starting the webpage. That’s the secret it seems like — keeping the promises we make to ourselves.] — only then will I be able to move on with no regrets.

– –

To that point, that’s what we do tomorrow — we get up and do the boring work required to make reality a little less grim.

For now, that looks like consistently doing a couple of things;

1. Running
2. Weight Lifting
3. Studying Math
4. Updating this page — with both essays and study journals
5. Remembering that while doing this feels necessary, none of it will fix me – it’s only God who can do that.^[This one is probably the most challenging. I’ve given my life to Jesus recently, and it’s hard to grapple with the daily reality that nothing I can do can save me, because he already did — it’s something I hope to explore and discern more. But like Matthew McConaughey once said “If you are there, God, I hope you appreciate a man who won’t retreat from the sweat it takes to gain self-determination. I hope you will reward a man who has decided to quit hiding behind the fatal blind belief that it’s all in your hands.”]

I’ll make it a point to write about these each day. Keep you updated on my consistency and progress in these — along with my thoughts as usual, of course.

    - Santi
