---
title: April 2nd
date: 4/1/2026
---

I'm pretty close to not writing anything today.

But I guess if I'm writing in the days I want people to read about I should probably be writing in the days that I don't even more.

I've done absolutely nothing with myself today.

I woke up late, I spent the entire morning on lazyily on youtube because I could not get myself to do anything else, and that eventually turned to living in the edge of temptation for about 3 hours, until I eventually caved in and went and ahead and searched for virtual-sex workers.

I masturbated once, just to pictures, and that turned to a cycle of an entire day sat on the phone doing absoltely nothing but numbing myself and repeating that act, getting further into the whole every time - going from pictures to videos, to texting, to paying a woman and then telling her to keep the money and not call becasue she'd taken too long and I was called for lunch. And doing it all over at night.

It's incredible how disgusted I felt writing the first six-words of that paragraph and how yet it was all I choose to do in the day.

I feel as though I can't even speak, not even to God, though I should. It feels like my shame is rooting inside me.

And you know what, honestly? It feels like I want to throw the whole rest of the week away. It really does.

My god.

My god.

The internet went out and it's probably the only reason I'm writing this. How incredible is that? Service had to go out so I was forced to write this out of pure boredom.

It's also incredible how i just know that I need to stop self-loathing and just shut up, repent, and start getting back on track - and I don't know if I can't or don't want to.

Why do I do this?

    - Santiago
