---
title: March 24th
date: 3/24/2026
---

As you'll see I haven't writen anything in the past couple of days.

It first started after on Wednesday. I spent all day in the city, first at a session with my therapist and then at lunch with a friend from church and dinner with some other friends and their family (also from church). I got home pretty late that day and thought I'd just write the daily post the day after, just so I wouldn't sleep late and mess up the next days flow.

That turned out not to be done of course. And one day of not writing turned into an easy excuse for six more days of not writing. I took a trip that weekend with my family up to a warmer place in the country - Dad was running a half-marathon and I was helping my sister run a 5k. Again, these just served as excuses for me to take a little break, not write, and in all honesty, not do much else. That's not to say it was a quiet weekend - I had at least two full days of internally breaking down both from the knowing of the fact that I wasn't doing any work, as well as from all the external stimuli that reminded me of how much I want out of life, yet how far away from it all I am.^[That's seeing things like families enjoying a vacation together, happy couples, people running with their friends or spouses, people being high-performers at the race, seeing beautiful women, etc....]. Add also a big fight with my parents and you have a decent look at my weekend.^[Add also a full day post race of just watching movies, just beacuse I couldn't lift myself to do anything else, they were numbing agents].

AnywayS, I'm back now, and as lost as ever. Back in that seemingly never ending loop I find myself running in. I guess it's good that you get to see the actual fall, you can now for the first time in my writing see that I am not just talking about falling, but I'm actually going through the fall - I have, unfortunately, become that 20 something year-old who just jerked-off 5 times in a day. Not beacuse he wanted to, but because there was nothing else he could muster up the courage to do.

I'm back writing, because I know it's the thing I need to do. I need to be doing something.

I'm lost in the void I have created for myself where I constantly think about greatness, and how close it seems yet how far it is. Thinking about all that i want to be and what so little I am. Of all that I want to do and of how much little time I have to do it.

I won't try to write a beautiful conclusion to this. I've realized I don't have one.

I do not know what it is that I want to do. I do not know how to figure it out. I do not know, I just simply do not know.

    - Santi

PS: I've added a new section to the daily in page, for some days (hopefully every day starting from today) you should see a section at the bottom of each daily post which says "Play by Play". If you click on that it should take you to a post in which I write what's happening and what i'm doing every day, with timestamps. I found that sometimes I just wanted to write short things of what was happening but writing a full daily reflection seemed like too much. Not sure if these will be helpful - it's just something for me to do I guess.
