---
title: 5/27 — Play by Play
date: 5/27/2026
---

**12:27 AM** - Need to go to sleep if I want a chance at starting building that obsession tomorrow.

**12:30 AM** - It feels like I'm missing something. I almost want to go to sleep, but not quietly. As if I want to play something in the background, but I don't really know what would help.

**1:02 PM** - I totally forgot I hadn't written anything today. I woke up at about 9 am, had breakfast and took the dogs the out. That made it 10 am and since then I've working on the roulette project - just basically learning the mathematics and physics of how some folks managed to beat the vegas casinos in the 70's. Doing with claude's help from bare bones. It's pretty cool, but my mind feels clouded now from all the heavy reading and thinking I'm having to do. It's getting fun though - at least with the most simplistic of models, its fun trying to learn the steps and see if I can reason through the physics and math.

Anyways, going to get down. for lunch and hope my mind clears up a bit for some more work on this.

**2:25 PM** - Came back from lunch a minute ago, back on the project.

**6:21 PM** - Took a quick shower. To be fully honest this feeling of being scared came onto me just now. I started thinking while in the shower about all the great things that could happen if the project turned out, and I immediately also started thinking about all the bad that would come with that good - and so naturally I started questioning the project. Both sides, the good and the bad make me want to stop. The good makes me want to stop because to justify feeling the good side it needs to actually get done successfully, and that's scary. And on the bad side, well, it makes me want to stop as a way to prevent myself from ever feeling the bad side.

I've definitely done a fair amount of work. We're mostly still just building the physics and maths intuitions and basis. I've got about 11 pages of google docs full of them. I think we're close to finishing that. And its felt good, up the point just now where we started talking about statistics and expected value and it all became a bit too much.

I know action is the antidote to anxiety, I just need to get in there and break whatever is making me anxious into parts.

I'm also really hungry.

**7:28 PM** - Okay, we got through that fairly unscathed. It was good not to give up and just hit the anxiety head on. We're past the conceptual stage according to claude. Next step is writing some python to start testing our assumptions.

Going to take a quick break to eat - I still have to wait a minute before it's ready, but I'll take that.

After, I'll dedicate a bit of time tonight to start the python part, that will make sure there's less ambiguity tomorrow morning.

**9:31 PM** - Back at it. Going to try and stab at python a bit.

**11:09 PM** - Alright, off to bed for today. That was some good work today. Mind is definitely cluttered and blurry now.

The task tomorrow is understand what we are doing in python better, I was just pasting code tonight to be honest.
