---
title: April 3rd
date: 4/3/2026
---

**9:45 AM** - Just woke up. Did the exact thing I did yesterday where I just rolled from one side to the other whenever my eyes opened to keep sleeping and avoid waking up.

It's not the thing that'll fix _me_, but I've decided I'm going to give my sister my phone and just ask her to hold it from me - it seems that in the worst of days my discpline shatters and that's where i give in, and we have to plan for that.

I will also do my best to write here no matter what, in the play ny play, it helps.

Anyways, going to go down to breakfast.

**11:21 AM** - Feeling exactly like I did yesterday. We're heading out for lunch at 1 PM and I'll be around family the whole day. I feel like I want to explode and just fight with everyone. I'll need tp just get through the day without doing that - I have no idea how to.

**11:44 AM** - I can't seem to get myself to speak to the lord, even if just my head without muttering words, but I can seem to write. I'm not sure if its because it feels a further step-removed from myself, but I guess I'll speak to him here.

> Lord, I am holding on still too much to my own strenght. I am holding on too tight to the belief that I am somehow _more than_ my fellow man and therefore justified in my dealings with him. Oh lord, but I am fighting battles that aren't mine. If there's something to be avenged or someone to be punished, it is your hand that shall do so, not mine. It is your word that should condemn, not mine. Allow me, oh Lord, the strenght to put down my sword. Allow me the strenght to not shout.
>
> Help me be a servant in all my dealings. To those that deserve it, and to those who do not. Lord I do want to be a man of greatness, so help me become that lord, turn my heart from one of stone into one of flesh and make me into a man after your own heart.
>
> What appears weak _is_ strong, Lord. Give me strenght to be weak. Let me restrain myself and not shout. Let me humble myself and not be prideful. Let me be quick to serve, and slow to recieve. Let me be slow to pick up my sword, and quick to drop it.
>
> I ask you not that you turn me into a useless man Lord, I ask that you build me up to be a warrior that can keep peace. A commander who does not need to, yet knows how to, fight a war.
>
> Help me come back into myself Lord.
>
> Help me to learn how to deal with the world, and with myself, through you, My lord.

**12:31 PM** - We'll be heading to lunch soon and then afternoon at a relatives place. Will take it easy - it's the only way I'll come back energized.
