---
title: March 25th
date: 3/25/2026
---

For my birthday I was gifted a ticket to fly to and from the United States for about two weeks in May.

I spent about four years of my life in the States - I went to college there. After graduating, which would've been about a yer ago now, I moved back to my home country. I haven't been back since.

Going back will inevitably bring back a lot of memories, as well as it'll bring up many conversations. Conversations around what I've done since leaving, who I am now, what my plan is, etc, etc, etc... And though I'd internally like to claim I'm not really moved by other's perception of me, I do think what people see you as is generally a good indication of what you're showing the world. Bottom line being, I wouldn't want the world to look at me with a condenscing _It's going to be alright_ face when I'm back.

I'm leaving May 4th, that's to say I have forty days left until I hit American soil again. I don't know that I can drastically change my life in forty days so that'll have a solid ground for the story I'd wish to tell. But I do know that forty days is more than enough time to create a meaningful enough starting force to take me to where I want to be.

In very vague words, my goal is that when someone asks me what I've been up to from May 4th and on I can be proud enough about myself and what I've done to tell them about what I've been up to over the forty days prior.

As it's common with me, there's so much I'd like to do in these forty days. I'd like to work at being jacked. I'd like to get super good at math and coding. I'd like to have a proficient working level of physics knowledge. I'd like to be a much better speaker. I'd like to have upped my knowledge of God and theology by a whole lot. I'd like to have run many miles and prepare for big races. And much more.

But if there's a lesson I sure should've learned by now is that I plan and wish for too much and end up doing nothing.

After this weekend I've figured that a rough goal for the next couple of months is leaving home again. It's contradictory to be fighting and arguing with my parents and still be receiving their support^[Say monetarily]. That is, if I do think that I'm "right" in my side of what causes my arguing and fighting, what grounds do I even have to argue if it's them putting a roof over my head, feeding me, and generally paying for what I spend.

I do think I'm right, and because I do I need to stop living in that contradiction.

The first thing that needs to happen is I need to stop doing things which they're paying for. Say, physiotherapy for instance, or regular therapy. I'll still accept the shelter and food, but because I am, I'm vowing also to keep my opinions and fighting-arguments to myself - If I'm staying at all I'll stay in their terms, as is fair.

Now, if the rough goal is leaving home I know that'll I need money, as of course I'll need to pay for my own housing and food. I do have some savings, which I also vow to take care of, but I can't realistically live off them long term, which means I need some sort of new consistent form of income.

The reason I came back to my parents in the first place was to be able to not have to work a job and have more time to study and figure out what it is that I am going to do with myself. I know very well that when leaving I'm probably not going to be equipped to make it out on my own terms, which really just means I'll need to get a job.

That's fine, I know now why I'm making that trade-off, I don't want to live at home (for the reasons stated above) and I yet don't have a way of making money for myself without a traditional job.

Anyways, to that point, I know that's not what I'd like to do long term (or for any amount of time more that neccesary really...) and I also know (or at least think) that my ticket out of that is knowledge - _true and deep knowledge_. One could more specificially define that as skills that one could use in order to make a living for him/herself. And I happen to think that knowing the fundamentals really well will open up doors for you to grab whatever other knowledge you'd like, therefore opening doors to more skills, which in turn increases the probability that you'll be well equipped to make it on your own.

In that order of ideas, the most productive thing I could do in the next few months^[Since I can't really move before going to teh states because no job would give me two weeks vacation when I'm first starting] is try to pack as much of that learning of fundamentals as I can before I'm forced to have to slow down on the learning since I'll need to allocate some time for the job.

That's to say, if the ultimate goal is to not have to work job to sustain myself, and the thing I think gets me there is knowledge, and the thing I think is keeping from having as much knowledge as I can is a lack of an understanding of the fundamentals, then the most valuable thing I can do with my time now is study the fundamentals.

Now, that means acknowledging that if I'm going to focus on that (which we concluded I need to) all other things will take a blow. That's to say, I'm not going to love the way my body looks. I'm not going to be as prepared to run races as I'd like. I'm not going to be the most equipped theological debater in the world. Etc, etc, etc.

And that's okay - I need to be okay with that. And I need to deeply internalize that notion so that I may put my sole focus^[Though not mentioned fully in this essay, as I said yesterday, of course I'm aware God is the center of everything, and that everything I'm doing is ultimately no ticket to salvation. That's to say, of course prayer and bible reading will still be on the top of my priority list. I just also need to take some responsability for what it is that I do with myself - we're also part of our faith.] on doing what I need to be doing.

Forty days start now. Let's see how much I can actually do.

    - Santi
