---
title: April 1st
date: 4/1/2026
---

If you're any bit reflective, spending time with people considerably older than you is one of the greatest things you can do for yourself^[And interestingly enough, for them too].

It's a sure-fire way to get you exposed to either the grim or beautiful reality of the end life. As opposed to spending time with those who still have more ahead of them than they do behind them, with older folks you get to see both the consequences of actions and the weight - or lightness - of decisions made.

A particular thing that is especially soul-crushing to watch are the events that unfold when a person is unable to take care of themselves any further and so they become dependent on a number of factors, like family, finances, health, etc...

It makes me think of something I wrote the other day

> Live today in a way that is intrinsically meaningful and vivid, and let the future be the accumulated consequence of that — (a) the servant, not (a) the master.
>
> Notes - L-I-V-I-N, 3/30/26

The particular bit that jumps out is _let the future be the accumulated consequence of..._ When you're eighty-years old and none of your kids want to take care of you it becomes pretty apparent what type of parent you were. When you're seventy-five years-old and you stop eating three meals a day because you're either too lazy to cook, or not well-off enough to hire a person to cook for you, it's pretty apparent that you were probably not too disciplined...with your habits nor with your money.

Everything is apparent. There's no hiding when the game is over.

So spend some time with people - considerably - older than you. Be kind to them, talk to them, try and understand them, and (in your own time) attempt to analyze them.

    - Santi
