---
title: 4/26 — Play by Play
date: 4/26/2026
---

**11:53 AM** - Okay, it's time to get back and get to work again.

I know there's a massive gap and I'm not really explaining why - I might try to in an essay later today or this week. It's mostly just been me in a stale state not doing much more than watching Youtube shorts for hours (and I mean hours) on end...plus one or two days of complete fuck-ups where I spent the equivalent of a month's minimum wage in a hooker and where I also did drugs for the first time, with the hooker...yeah, I know, I need to expand on that a bit more.

Anyways. We've got about a week until I'm off to the states. I currently have about 3 Million in local currency, which isn't a lot, but it's enough. That's no more than like $750 bucks, so I'm afraid a lot of that will go towards my two weeks in the states.

I won't worry too much about that now, I'll just try to spend as little as I can from here until the trip and see how much money I come back with after. For now, my running coach is paid until July (that's important because one of my goals is to consistently go at running until end of year) so we have a bit of buffer time to figure out how to get some more money before my current period is up.

In terms of the main goal we've been pursuing, I'm 96% of the way done with 5th Grade math in Math Academy.

It's about 12 PM here, and I'm currently 21st in the platinum league (which ends in 7 hours), below 21st and I get relegated, and over 10th and I get promoted. I'm also yet to do my training for today which is just a long run, 1:30 hrs, 8 mins running 2 walking for 9 splits.

My idea is to grind Math Academy for as many hours as I can before the league is over, and then just go run at night. Ideally starting the run no later than like 7 PM.

So, let's get cranking and get back to it. For the millionth time...

**1:07 PM** - Alright, it's been about an hour. Going to stop and take a quick shower both because it's 1 PM and I haven't showered and also because I'm starting to get a bit distracted just sitting and studying.

Managed to get 76 XP on the session, which bumped us up 9th place in the league with 114 XP. 1st place has 818 XP, so we're not getting there....but I'm hoping we can catch at least 4th place which now has just over 250 XP.

Also, my sister who is in 10th grade is working on a Math's project doing Calculus...Definitely a fun contrast knowing I'm still in elementary school math. But hey, we keep going. There's no other way.

Is getting through all of Math Academy an achievement in itself? Even if it gets me nowhere? I don't know.

Anyways, going to get in the shower and then I'll get back to it.

**1:53 PM** - Back the desk.

Not feeling super motivated or incredibly sharp, but I know I need to do work. I don't want to run too late, so we've got to put our heads down and just do some work.

Going to get right to it.

**2:37 PM** - Alright, 30-mins into the session and we've completed 5th grade maths!

We're officially in middle school haha!

Racked up another 39 XP, for 115 total on the day. We're also sitting in 5th place in the Platinum league with 153 XP, about 100 XP behind 4th place.

I did say that I'd do a full review of 4th and 5th grade math once I was done. I think that's a good idea, even though I'm not terribly excited for it.

There's tons of processes I've learned but it'd be good to solidify them in my mind. Just generally being able to know rules off the top of my head instead of having to do a quick google search after I haven't done them for a while, being able to connect concepts more broadly (say understanding the progression of concepts, instead of just knowing I can do x different processes).

My idea is to simply go through the lessons Math Academy has - which are essentially the exact same as the ones presented to me when I was learning, except I'll go through them in an order in which I think would make learning sequential. I'll basically transcribe their lessons in my own words on the website, until I feel confident I could explain all the concepts of 4th and 5th grade math to someone and also be able to make sense of why I am teaching them in the way and sequence in which I am teaching them.

I know there will be some start-up friction in doing this. After all it'll be my first real learning journal, so I want to make sure its thorough and that it also looks good.

I know already that I may start with some structure and then need to switch. That's okay. We know - from previous experience - that the best and fastest way to figure out the optimal structure is just starting somewhere and not being afraid to re-evaluate down the road.

I'm going to start taking a quick look at the lessons in Math Academy and see how we can structure the learning journal.

**6:39 PM** - It's tough to write the learning journals.

For instance, now just starting with the most basic of concepts - _Place Values_

The idea that where a number sits determines what it is worth. Say, "1" in the number 341 and "1" in the number 129 are worth different amounts - it's worth one in the first number and a hundred in the second.

It's hard for me to think about the most basic explanation for why we start with place values. Say, I'm teaching this to someone, and they ask, _"Well, why?...why do we start with place values? How did we figure that out?_.

I don't know a much better answer than _"Just trusts me, we have to start here"_. Doing a little digging and asking my browser for some help on this it goes on a little story about the base-10 system.

It then goes on to explain that there's different number systems like ours, the base-10, in which every position in a number represents a power of 10, and there are nine digit symbols (0-9). But like ours, there's base-2 which computers use, there's base-16 which used for HEX color conventions, etc, etc, etc...

What I've found (and this isn't novel, I've just figured it out myself which is fun) is that maths essentially starts from assumptions we all agree to be true, and therefore use. But to understand those foundations, you have to study higher level maths. That's to say, a child in elementary school just learns place values, but wouldn't really learn why we choose to use place values, that would be studied by someone in mathematical logic, maybe.

I guess what I'm saying is that my curiosity points me to want to study those deeper things. There's an itch to know why. But the way math works is that I have to learn the tools first, and then you get to get philosophical about it first.

That's all probably to mask the fact that I just don't know how to explain these concepts properly at their most basic level, but hey, we'll get something done and maybe sometime in the future I'll end up writing the book I wish I had - "All of basic mathematics deconstructed" or something like that.

**6:40 PM** - I also haven't done any of the learning journal...I ended up watching a movie with my sister. It was part wanting to spend quality time with her but also part wanting to just avoid work.

Now I'm just waiting for a bit, like an hour more, to let lunch pass me by before I go out for that run.

**7:46 PM** - Alright, going out for that run now.

Over the past few days I haven't kept promises to myself and I haven't wrote them down either precisely to give myself that out.

So I'll write it today.

Tomorrow we wake up at 4 am to start the day.

There's no training tomorrow so we can focus on writing some mathematics in the journal + I have to go buy a new sim card + doing some sales auditions to try and make some money (I'll explain that a bit more tomorrow).

Anyways, going to head out now so we can go to bed decently early for tomorrow's wake up.

**9:46 PM** - Alright, back home now.

Just wrapped up that run. Like I said, 9 intervals of 8 mins of running and 2 mins of walking - ended up doing about 6.8 miles at an average pace of 13:13/mi.

I think we're going to call wake-up time 5 am instead of 4...just so I get a chance at sleeping 7 hours (which will probably be six, considering the time it'll take me to go to bed), plus it's around the same everyone else wakes up at the house, so it'll be good.

Anyways, just wanted to write this before I went to bed. Going to finish eating a banana, probably do some reading and praying, and then I'll head to bed.

I will see you guys in the morning for what will hopefully be the start of some consistency again.
