---
title: April 30th
date: 4/30/2026
---

I'm not really sure what to do anymore.

I'm going to be twenty-four in ten months, and that's terrifying.

I remembered today that not too long ago I was twenty-one, feeling like the king of the world because I had a big-shot summer job and was dating a hot twenty-four-year-old. The memory came back not because of loneliness. Not because of her. But it came back because I remember telling myself that there was no way I'd end up like her when I'd turn twenty-four.

Perhaps shamefully I always had an air of superiority when I thought of our relationship. Sure, she was the hot one, but she did live because her mother transferred her money every month, and she'd never really amounted to anything more than a pretty retail worker who had happened to have studied French. I, on the other hand, was merely into my early twenties and had already made it out of the country and secured a summer job - in the world's most prestigious city - which people in their forties had wet dreams about.

That made me feel safe. It was easy to fantasize about the twenty-four-year-old me, just look at how far I'd gotten at twenty-one.

It's ten months until then now, and life is nowhere close to what I thought it'd be. And I guess you could say I'm living that twenty-one-year-olds nightmare - I am after all living under my parents roof, with no income except for the one I save for the jobs I get and quit three-months later, who really hasn't amounted to anything.

No fancy job. No fancy life. Nothing but an old story about who I could've been.

I fantasize about twenty-four-year-old me still. I think of all that could go right in the next ten months and how great life could be...but it gets harder to hold on to that with every passing day. Twenty-four is closing in, and I have much less evidence that I'm close to the life I want than I had when I was twenty-one. It's maybe not even the lack of evidence as much as it is just the sheer anxiety that comes with the realization that time is running out.

The worse part about it all is that I don't know what to do about it.
