---
title: March 29th - Play by Play
date: 3/29/2026
---

**6:10 AM** - Got up about 10 mins back. Got me a banana and some water and I'm ready to get to it.

I need to put in a big effort in the morning today, for two reasons. First, we're going out for lunch, which in this family takes no less than three or four hours - so that's time I don't get to work. And second, I want to start doing a weekly review of what I write / do through any give six-day period on Sundays. I think it'll be both good t internalize and remember the things I write as well as to have a clearer picture of trends and such. Anyways, I'm sure that'll take up a good chunk of time - that is, if I do it thoroughly^[Plus its the first time I do it.] - so I need to make sure I'm decentty caught up with math before jumping in there.

I'm about to get started on a 90-min session. I might get interrupted by people waking up - but if I do, I'll briefly say my good mornings, find another stop and get right back into it.

**8:00 AM** - Just wrapped up a session. Ended up taking a bit more time because I got stuck in some problems at the end and had to finish a lesson. Got 117 XP, so a rate of about 70.2 XP/hr^[Since I worked 100-mins not 90, technically].

Going to get breakfast and then I'll come back for another session - I'll try to make this as quick as one can when doing breakfast from scratch when visiting family.

**9:10 AM** - Breakfast is all done - an hour and ten is pretty good considering all things I'd say.

Going to crank out at least another 90-min session. I'm thinking we'll probably leave at 1 or 2 PM, so my rough plan was to work until close to 11 or 11:30, and then go for a quick swim before showering - that way I both take advtange of the pool and get a work out so I don't lose all of my aerobic capacity.

Anyways, about to get going - let's make this count.

**10:47 AM** - Just finished another 90-min session, so that's three-hours study on the day. Racked up 115 XP more (rate of 76.2XP/hr) for a total of 232 XP in total (Math academy says we're about 19% with the course.). Session was smooth but not super smooth - definitely had some moments where I lost focus and had to re-group myself.

I did notice that I'm going to need that conceptual / written review of topics. I've definitely gained procedural fluency in many topics now, but it's still hard to 1) really connect topics to real-world understanding^[I've noticed myself getting better at this naturally, which is good, but I think the conceptual/written review would take me the rest of the way there.] and 2) to remember all the rules for a given topic - say multiplying vs dividing improper vs proper fractions or mixed numbers. I know how to do these things, because I've done many problems in each, but it's more automatic than it is an understanding of "we do x because that gives us y and that makes sense"^[I can get to this point when I have a problem in front of me and Math academy shows me fraction models for instance, but it's hard without that still - again, I think doing a sweep of everything and writing stuff down in my own words + having notes I can look back on will help.].

I can definitely power through 5th grade math without cheating too much though,^[I just had to do it once so far to remember how to multiply a whole by a fraction.] so the plan is to get through that one and then do a full _basic math_^[the combination of 4th and 5th grade algebra] review and written post series before moving to pre-algebra (and then we'll probably do one review per each big subject after that).

Going to see if I can in the pool, maybe swim for an hour or so, shower, and then if I have any bit of time before lunch I'll try to knock out some more math academy lessons.

**01:15 PM** - Did the pool and showered too. We're about to head to lunch here soon.

Pool wasn't as much as a workout as it was hanging out and chit-chatting with grandma and my sister - but that was really good too - it great to have some good family connections and remind yourself that does matter too.

It probably also all feels better because I know I've done some work. Whatever it is, I feel pretty good at the current moment.

I'll go have lunch, try to have a nice time out and then be back and work on the review as soon as I'm back.

**4:27 PM** - Made it back from lunch about 40 mins ago. It was good, but there was definitely some arguing. My pride plays a lot into the arguments I get into - I need to work at that.

Anyways, I've set myself in a chair by the pool and will start to read through the essays, notes and daily's since the page has been active (from now on it'll just be weekly, but we have to cover everything since this is the first time).

I have absolutely no idea what I am trying to accomplish or how to accomplish it, we'll have to see what comes out - all I know is that doing the thing will yield better forward-moving conclusions than sitting around thinking about it.

On we go!

**5:11 PM** - Think I just finished decomposing the first daily ever - took me about a whole hour that thing, and that was just decomposing, not really writing anything!

I really have a desire to stop, call this a stupid idea and leave it at that. But I do think it's worthwhile, I'm just really dreading the fact that I know that at the end of decomposing (which is work enough itself) there's _more_ work.

**5:39 PM** Been talking to my grandma for about 30 mins. Learning some really cool things about my family - apparently my great-grandmothers dad has a school named after him in some remote little town because he was a big proponent of education back in the day. And apparently a brother of his was part of the founding folks of oppostionist groups in the country.

Also learned how they went from not having much to making it out. Makes you think that you have to be doing something to honor your ancestors - there's no way your great, great grandparents were working their asses off, fighting corrupt governments, starting schools, and creating businesses out of nothing, and that you have to watch modern family in TikTok clips because the normal show is too slow for you. Gosh dude.

**7:05 PM** - Done with the second daily decomposition. Ended up spending the last 30-40 or so speaking with grandma about investments and retirement planning - some interesting conclusions there.

**7:34 PM** - Going to cook dinner - eggs and rice, for simplicity - definitely feeling the fact that I need to finish all this tonight and I'm only two deep, but I also appreciate that I have not wasted time by doing things I'm not proud of, but rather in fellowship time with my family^[Which mostly consisted of me speaking on a subject I did know and them listening, so hey, probably not the most earnest fellowship but it's something.]

**12:21 AM** - Was cuddling in bed with my grandma and sister, we were looking through my sisters google photos - don't think I've felt happier in a while. The feeling of seeing a cute video of your sibling when they are 5 years old is indescribable. I know I didn't do any of the work I was supposed to, but I wouldn't trade that moment in a million years.^[Now that's what I call family time]

Sometimes that just makes me wish I just had a wife, kids, and a polaroid.

I know that's in the future, and I can't wait.

To my future wife and kids, I love you all. If you some day read this I hope you can say that back with an honest and innocent smile.
