---
title: March 28th - Play by Play
date: 3/28/2026
---

**07:15 AM** - Woke up about 30 mins back and took a quick shower. Think we'll be leaving here soon. I'll report as soon as we get to grandma's house.

The task for the next six-hours is to just have a peaceful car-ride - controlling what I can control.

**2:36 PM** - Just made it. Trip was good - mostly consisted of listening to the Mariachi and Chris Stapleton music I downloaded and daydreaming about traveling through the country and camping, and a life with my future wife. Time to get back to reality and become the man that can make those dreams come true.

Going to do lunch and then I'll settle and start working at making a dent in 5th grade math. We know what it is that we need to do, the challenge is sitting down and doing it.

**8:14 PM** - Going to write the daily post and then study mathematics for a while. I really don't want to and seriously thought about just going to bed and pretending this page doesn't exist.

But I have to face and live up to what I say. I can't be saying I'll do things and just permanently push them off. I'll have to teach myself a lesson - having to write the daily, studying, and still waking up early to do the same.

This isn't vacation, every day matters.

**8:59 PM** - Wrapped up the daily. Still don't feel like doing much, but I need to be loyal to what I write - that's who I want to be after all.

Going to just put my head down and make a dent in math - I know I've been saying that over and over, but there's no more time to push this off to, it happens now or it just doesn't happen at all.

**9:32 PM** Really struggling but need to push through. Need to at least finish a 90-min session. Let this be a lesson.

**9:59** - Did a 50-min session. 66 XP which translated to about 6% of 5th grade math done.

I'm tired, I need to sleep - but I did indeed not do what I was supposed to today - I failed myself. And I need to remember and internalize that as bad thing, because it is.

Tomorrow we don't wash away in sorrow and castigate ourselves until we even out our scale without work. We just wake up with a smile thanking God for a new day and we get right to it and get back on track.
