---
title: March 26th
date: 3/26/2026
---

One of the most apparent things when you read today's play-by-play is the fact that my mood, motivations and wants switch through the day effortlesly.

At points I feel very motivated to sit down and do the work I set out for myself - studying math on Math Academy (the 4th grade course, at the momement). But as evident through the writing, that motivation fades. Sometimes because I've done the problems long enough and it feels like I'm making no progress. Sometimes because I remember that if this is _really_ my goal I'm so terribly far away, since I'm not even half-way through 4th grade math and I eventually want to get to above calculus. Some other times because something gets a hold of my mind and my brain tries and use it as a bargain to get me to switch my foucus (since its bored from the monotonous routine I've been in), for instance after watching the Veritasium video today I was tempted to go and research RFID and NFC technology.

All of that's to say, if you read past all of that, in the end I do finish just doing the work - putting the cold six-hours in front of the computer - with pen put to paper - going through 4th grade math.

Which only means, it's not all too bad. I feel pretty good about myself now that I've finished. I feel like I've stuck to my commitment. So, what in the interim feels unbearable, is really the only thing which makes the end of the day bearable.

In other words, if I were to have give in to all described above I probably would be sitting here now just self-loathing - going on and on about the fact that I need to do better, that I can't keep living this way, etc etc etc. When in reality, it was as easy as just sitting down in front of the computer and reading about adding and subtracting numbers^[Plus some area models, Gosh I hate the area models sometimes!]

That's not to discredit the work as easy - at the end of the day it is the work I need to do, and as apparent by the fact that I'm 23 years old doing this, it's the work capacity I can seem to handle right now. And I'm not proud of that, of course not. I don't want to have to admit that I'm 23 and that my work capacity is 90 min blocks of lessons of 4th grade mathematics. But I have to admit that, because it's the truth. If I'm not doing that, I'm the 23 year old who goes on Youtube and spends 6 hours on shorts, I'm the 23 year old who can't eat without looking at his phone, I'm the 23 year old who can't keep a job because he gets bored of the monotony and so fixes it by quitting and getting a new one.

That's all to say, I think I'm doing the right thing by "training" myself with what may seem stupdid, or below me. I do believe that learning - and forcing myself - to have to deal with the monotony and tediousness of doing 4th grade algebra for 6 hours _is_ eventually going to lead to the capacity of doing linear-algebra or proofs for hours on end with monomaniacal focus^[Which is what I want. Not *that* exactly of course, but the ability to do that, across that and many other fields].

So, work at the easiest things as if they were the hardest, because how else could you expect to handle hard when you've never really tried at easy?

Helo

    - Santi
