---
title: March 25th - Play by Play
date: 3/25/2026
---

**9:08 AM** - I just woke up. It's late to be waking up, I stayed up late watching a movie last night...I did after finishing reading hold my promise, I sat and listened to worship music, took a shower, took the dogs out, and had dinner. It was after I returned from all that when indeed I opened my computer and ended up first watching youtube for a while, and eventually the movie. Anyways, from this morning, I'll try to be much more dilligent at writing about everything here.

I'm going to get out of bed, go have breakfast, clean my room, take a shower, and then I'll be back. Even if I have nothing to write about or don't want to do I'll still get you a status report.

**11:01 AM** - I've done everything I said I would, plus I helped my mom upload some medical documents she needed to send to the clinic^[Which added a bit of time, of course]. I'm back sat at my desk now.

I'm going to go ahead and write the daily post for today, that way I both get it out of the way and clear my mind on a few things I want to have clear from now on.

**11:46 AM** - I've finished the daily post. I really do not feel like it, but I know my job now is to put my head down and study mathematics. I've purchased access to Math Academy, it's a platform where there's courses for learning math all the way from 4th grade to uni level. I'm starting at 4th grade, and the goal is to in the next forty days be as far as I can in my journey of studying math. I'm hoping that'll at least mean Geometry^[The sequence they give is; 4th Grade Math, 5th grade math, Prealgebra, Algebra I, Geometry, and so on...], but we'll see, it's up to me I guess.

**11:57 AM** - Going to start studying. I'm going to open that 4th grade course and just hunker down and work through it. Lunch will be served in about 30 mins, but that's still valuable time to get going.

I know my brain will try to play tricks on me to get me stop - the fact that the material seems to elementary, the fact that I'm not taking notes appropriately, the fact that there's so much left to and so little time, etc, etc, etc...

Let this note serve as reminder to myself to just do the problems in front of me, collect XP in the platform and let that be my guiding star for now. It may not be the best or most optimized method, but its a way to _do the thing_, and that's what I need to learn to do, to just _do the thing_.

**12:40 PM** - Going down to have lunch. Studied for about 40 mins, got about 42 XP. Math Academy says that with 50 XP a day I'll finish the course in late May, so we'll need to do much more than that. If the numbers continue the same we're doing about 63 XP an hour, which would mean for say 6 hours of focused work today we could get 378 XP (which would be 7.5x what we need to finish in late May) let's see if we can get to that today.

**1:32 PM** - Finished lunch. Back at the desk. Decently motivated to get some more work done - will probably work until my sister gets home from school so I can take a quick break to take the dogs out for playtime.

**2:36 PM** Going to take a quick break, finished another hour of studying math^[Still working on that 4th grade section, from something I saw on the site I need 2222 XP to finish, we'll see if that's accurate.]. Up to 124 XP on the day, so 82 extra on the hour, good pace.^[I've read online that XP isn't terribly reliable, it's porbably true since that rate will naturally go up or down depending on the difficulty of problems. But hey, it works for now.]

Also had an urge to go and play around and try to code a little game so I can practice learning the factors of numbers. Just something I can do every day. That's a sneaky way my brain is trying to get me away from the fundamentals and into "higher level work", but I won't budge. My compromise is that if I can get to 6 hours of study today, I can dedicate the rest of the day to the trying and code a simple game for learning factors. We've got 1 hour and 20 so far, we will see.

**2:55 PM** - Sister just got home. Going to go out with her to play with the dogs for an hour or so. I'll be back and get to work when I do.

**4:53 PM** - Back at the desk. It started pouring rain after we took the dogs out so we had to come home and clean them off and also clean my entire's sister bedroom since we left the window open...anyways, these things happen. Lowkey feeling just cutting it off for the day and watching a movie, but there's still plenty of day ahead to do work. Definitely want to get to those 300 or so XP points today. Going to get working again for at least an hour before taking any breaks.

**6:03 PM** - Just finished another hour of studying. That makes it about two hours and forty minutes total today. Sitting at 203 XP for the day. Not feeling incredibly motivated to do more, I kind of feel uncofortable just sitting here looking at the computer. But hey, we've got to get through that. Things as easy as sitting donw still in a chair are the hardest things, we just have to push through. Going to take a quick break and reset for another hour.

**6:34 PM** - Back at the desk. Ate an ice-cream and talked with my sister for a minute. Anothe hour of studying maths coming now.

**7:52 PM** - Just finished another block of studying, call it another hour and twenty minutes. If my math is correct that brings me up to four hours total study today.

We're sitting at 325 XP for the day, that means a rate of about 80 XP an hour. It does seem a bit high comparing to web estimates, but again, probably because of the lower difficulty.

It says I'm about 36% done with the current course, and says I have completed 338 XP so far. That would mean course completion happens at around 938 XP, which would in turn mean I could theoritically, if my math is right and they don't change anything on the backend^[Which it seems they do, that total XP to course % completed changes, I've noticed] I could finish the course in two days of 300 XP - or one of 600.

Anyways, I'm about to go have dinner. Won't promise that I'll come back and crush some more studying after, but it is what I should do. I'll write when I'm back at the desk and we'll figure it out.

**9:05 PM** - Just finished dinner and got back to the desk. I've decided I'm going to end the day by reading some more of the David book. It'll be good just to wrap the day in a fun and more God-centered way.

I'll make sure I'm not too late to go to bed so I can wake up max 7 AM tomorrow to start the day sharp and tackle much more math tahn we did today, I know I can.
