---
title: April 5th
date: 4/5/2026
---

I was reading the latest Paul Graham [essay](https://www.paulgraham.com/brandage.html) today. And it made me remember that it was reading things like his is what sparked this weird inner feeling of wanting to be more - and feeling like _I could be more_.

I'm not really sure how I ever came across his writing, but I'm really glad I did. In some mystical sort of way, by pure chance did I happen to stumble upon (and ending up liking) the [Paul Graham](https://www.paulgraham.com/), OG [Sam Altman](https://blog.samaltman.com/archive), YC side of the internet, and not say some weird sub-reddit.

I think it was the reading of essays like [this one](https://blog.samaltman.com/how-to-be-successful) which got me in this whole journey of "there are principles to success, and I can just follow them" rabbit-hole. It's a good rabbit-hole to be in - if you act. It's a terrible one if you're just thinking thoughts about these people's thoughts - and that's probably where I, unfortunately, fell.

I was prouder of being the type of guy who _knew_ Paul Graham had some banger essays, as opposed to being the guy who applied his principles.

But the more I read PG, the more that I find that perhaps what I find intriguing and captivating about him is the fact that he seems to be really very thoughtful about a number of things.

He could write you as amazing of a piece about painting as he could about programming. He could write a perfectly structured critic of politics as well as he could one about life philosophies. He can write as beautifully and as specifically and timelessly about how to succeed in business as he could about how to find joy and happiness.

He could both gather a crowd of thousands of people at silicon valley and walk the streets of Florence completely unknown.

And I think there's something magical about that.

In his writing it's always apparent to me that whether he's writing about watches or the global economy, he knows what he's talking about.

I don't really know much about PG, as it stands, but from what I can see from the outside he's kind of what I would like to get to be.

A guy who (seems) explored every aspect of life he wanted to, and did so with an unwavering commitment to excellence - which ended up producing some incredible and lasting work. And so he (now) gets to do whatever he wants to do with his life. And when he speaks, people listen - because they all know he's worth listening to.

I want to be Paul Graham, but I don't know what it takes to be Paul Graham.

I guess this whole journey of mine is a silly attempt at trying to become someone people want to be like, and leaving them an actual trace of what it took.

    - Santi
