---
title: March 31st - Play by Play
date: 3/31/2026
---

**6:43 AM** - Got out of bed about 13 mins ago. It was tougher leaving the covers today.

Most of breakfast is already served, so I'm going to go eat.

**7:38 PM** - All done with breakfast. Really need to get the review done so we can start focusing on math again, don't want to lose that habit - or build a new one to let work pile over.

On we go.

**10:02 AM** - I'm really close to finishing this thing. Just wanted to come on here and say that I think I might also need a place to keep insights that are pretty good and I want to commit to mind/be able to reference, but which don't make it into reviews/full essays.

It can just be a section called "insights" where we write quick explanations of these. But, as with other ideas I've had in the past few days, this will have to wait - it's definitely something I think would be useful, but I need to get focused - and grounded - back on the main goal. Then we might be able to spend some time doing this.

**10:18 AM** - All done! Wow, that was something ey?

I'm happy I did it - it's definitely not as I imagined. Doing the work even brought some stuff to the surface like the realization that I'm forgetting much of what I write, and so I worry about the impacts of forgetting the bigger things long term. But that's something we will figure it out little by little - only by doing the work did we figure that out. Plus we also got a hunch at a solution, like I wrote above.

I also have no idea whether it'll be this big of a lift every time, but I guess it's no time to worry about that. We just do the work, and change course if needed. We'll figure it out next Sunday.

For now, I'm going to take a shower and then come back and get stabbing at some Math. I'm actually excited to get back there - it'll probably be a nice change of pace from being the director of work to simply having to follow some lessons.

Anyways, I'll write as soon as I'm back.

**11:18 AM** - Back at the desk. While in the shower I thought of a new essay idea regarding time expansion and shortening through external stimuli - because showering without music feels so much longer. Will have to find some time to write that up.

I also need to remember I promised I'd dedicate some time to getting closer to the word either through the bible or the book on David. I'll need to put in good work before and after lunch so that the not-so-late evening gives me time for that. We also need to write the daily, so we really need to work at it.

Anyways, about to get cranking on Math Academy, 5th grade course (hoping to have it completed before I leave this trip, we will see how that goes.)

Going for the 90-min session now.

**1:01 PM** - Wrapped up a 90-min session (counting the left-over time as small water breaks and such). Definitely struggled through that - some rustiness, and in general some hard time getting back into the habit of doing this over and over.

We got 86 XP, which translates to 57 XP/hr, which just shows the slower pace of work coming back.

Anyways, we're not deterred, we knew we could face stuff like this - but as we've learned, the only way forward is to keep doing the thing.

Going to go get lunch and I'll get another session in right after - I'm going to be sleepy and sluggish, that I know, but we know that and we'll have to power through.

**2:05 PM** - Back at the desk. Not feeling terrible, but I know the post-lunch slump will probably hit in another 30 or so. We'll deal with it though - now we go for another 90 min session.

**3:59 PM** - Just wrapped up another session. Those extra thirty-minutes were me crashing through one of the lessons (_four digit by two digit division_) - I was making tons of careless mistakes like writing incorrect numbers down even though I'd gotten correct answers to intermediate steps, confusing my 3's with 5's, etc... then that piled onto frustration which just exalted those mistakes more. I did finish it though, as much as I did want to quit and call it a day.

I'm going to attribute some of those careless mistakes to fatigue and some others to just not being attentive enough. Either way, I'm going to try and take a quick break, I'm going to see if I can take a 30-minute nap.

Then I'll come back and do one more 90-min session. I'm thinking it'll be close to 7 PM after we've done that, so I may just do the daily after that, dinner, and then end the night light doing some reading of the word. Then we'll start early tomorrow.

We racked up 98 XP more (so 184 total XP on the day), which comes out to a whooping 49 XP/HR since we did take 120 mins...Oh, we're also 28% of the way through with 5th grade math.

Anyways, I'll be back.

**5:10** - Alright, back at the desk. Took a bit longer but did 40-min nap + some miscellaneous.

I do feel my mind a bit calmer, less clouded. Going to hit another 90-min session and see how that goes.

**6:47 PM** - That's another 90-min session done. That - according to my calculations - should tally us up to five-hours total study today. XP sits at 260, which means we racked up 76 extra XP for the 90-min session (rate of 50 XP/hr) - not sure if the slow-down is completely just an off-day or if the XP per hour is just naturally going down as the lesson difficulty increases^[I believe Math Academy says 1 min of focused effort is 1 XP roughly, so perhaps I am just normalizing, who knows].

I did feel pretty good through the session though, much stronger, less mistakes. I even feel like keeping on, but I do know that at this time of day the hours seem to go by quicker even. So wrapping up math, going to take a quick break and I'll get to daily writing.

**7:05 PM** - About to get to writing the daily. I don't say this to be funny, but I genuinely do not know what I am going to write and really do worry that I won't pull it off tonight - guess we will see.

**8:05 PM** - All done with the daily post - I'm not _not_ happy with it, I'll say that much. Going to probably take the day slower from here. We put in some good effort today and I'm proud of that - however much we've moved, we're definitely closer to our goals.

Going to get off the computer, go be with the family a while, eat dinner, and then I'll spend some time reading.

I'll write back either when I'm about to start reading or when I'm about to head to bed.

**9:22 PM** - Done having dinner. Had a good time hanging with the family too.

About to get in bed and do some reading^[The book on David, probably] - it's the first time I get to do this since being here. This feels good, this feels sustainable^[A day like today, I mean].

Will be back tomorrow - thinking I may try and wake up early and do some reading pre-breakfast, but we'll see.
