---
title: March 30th Play by Play
date: 3/30/2026
---

**8:57 AM** - Woke up about an hour and a half ago. Already had breakfast and I'm about to start on daily decompositions again. Going to do one, and then I'll go shower, just so momentum is rolling when I get back.

The goal for today is to finish this at any cost - it's my sole focus.

**9:51 AM** - Just finished one more decomposition. Took me about another hour that.

I'm liking the way the notes are turning out, and the small insights I'm getting - I'm thinking I may want to show these to world, as a way of also peeling the layer on how that part of the work is done, I think it does reveal some things around how I see things (really how I see and analyze myself, which is a core part of at least how I'm trying to effect change).

It's also just a way to have some work to show with less effort, lets no kid ourselves here. But I do think there's some value. Perhaps its as easy as linking to the Google doc where I write the notes at the end of the review page.

Anyways, as promised to myself I'm going to go take a shower and I'll be back for some more decompositions.

**10:58 AM** - Alright, shower and clothes folding done. Back at the chair by the pool on the computer and about to get to work on the 4th decomposition.

Actually fairly excited.

**11:40 AM** - Boom, another one done. These things are genuinely taking an hour each haha, I don't know how I'm going to keep this up every Sunday - but that's something we will figure out next Sunday and every Sunday after that.

Taking a quick break, will be back.

You know, sometimes I wish I could just show people these things and have them see just what I see in me. Because I'm genuinely proud and amazed at myself when I write and do these things - I can see the potential exercising itself.

But you can't just ask people to care, you've got to just do things and eventually they'll care. You don't need someone who's wanting to look at the rawest version of your work and applaud you for it - you want people to look at your work and \*want to dig up your old and raw work to see just how you manage to make what you do now.

In both people look at your rawest form. But in one you're expecting them to, in the other you've earned it.

**11:59 AM** - Back again. There's still five whole daily's to decompose. I'm not sure how we'll manage, but we'll manage. We just have to keep doing the thing.

**12:57 PM** - Just finished two more daily decompositions. That flowed pretty well, and I'm pretty happy with what I've gathered so far (I definitely need to put the Google doc link somewhere^[Let me have my little treat, I promise I won't tell anyone to take a look, I'll just leave a note for finding it.]).

Lunch is served, so I'll go eat. I know that I'll probably feel full and sleepy after, but if I've learned anything from reading about myself for three-hours I know that what I need to do is just muster up the strenght to open the computer, start work even if for five-minutes, and then it'll all become easier from there.

**2:21 PM** - All done with lunch, took a bit longer than usual but it was good, has some nice time speaking with the family.

Got three decompositions left, we got this.

**3:01 PM** - All done with another one, two left. Feeling like I'm loosing juice and like I want to stop, but hey, we do it tired, we do it anyways.

**3:26** - I'm probably half-way through the new decomposition. Starting to feel a bit dissociated, going to take a quick break and I'll be back.

**3:48 PM** - Okay, I'm back. Definitely feeling unenergized and not terribly sharp. I'm also thinking about the fact that I need to do the full written review _after_ finishing these one-and-a-half reviews, and I have absolutely no idea how to do that.

Anyways, it is what we ought to do, so we'll do it.

**4:35 PM** - Just finished the second-to-last decomposition! One more left now.

Going to take a quick break and try to re-group, I don't know how I pulled off the last one but I did - I just don't feel sharp and attentive.

Maybe coffee? I don't really drink coffee.

**5:28 PM** - Alright, back the computer.

I ended up exercising, nothing too fancy, I think at most it was 20-25 minutes of exercise and it was ridicuosly simple - three sets of body-weight squats, push-ups and bicep curls.

It was really good, demanded some sweat off of me, and I feel a bit more in it, at least more than I did before.

I'd also forgotten just how much of a confidence boost a good pump is. I'm not sure if the lighting was exceptional but for that quick of a work-out it was a 10/10 pump. Going to need to do more often - not only because of the pump, but it was a pretty good pretty quick workout to both feel challenged and also good enough to come and work afterwards.

Now it's time to get back to work. I'm going to get cranking on the last daily decomposition and I was thinking I may write the daily after that. I fear that if I leave that last writing the full review may not allow me to finish a proper daily for today.

PS: I also was falling on the trap of admiring my work too much - I probab;y spent five-minutes looking at the notes I submitted to the webpage today and thinking how great they looked and how awesome they sounded. The workout was a good way to _stop being so impressed and start getting more involved_.

**6:25 PM** - All done with decompositions. Not feeling like I ended on my best work, but they are done after all.

Going to step back from the computer a quick second and I'll come back to write the daily - I need to do that before dinner for sure.

I also have no idea wether I should also be reviewing the essays, notes and learning boards I've posted / posted on for the written review of the week. But we'll figure that out I guess.

**6:44 PM** - Back the desk. Got me a pack of oreos and a cup of water^[I'm not a milk guy, sorry]. No more needed for work.

Going to go ahead and write up the daily for today.

**7:31 PM** - Just finished writing the daily. I genuinely don't know how I keep pulling off to write half-way decent things when I sit to type. Hopefully I don't nurture and not drain the ability the more I do it.

Going to go get dinner. Still have to write the review.

It's weird because I've put in a decently big day today - that Google doc is almost 15 pages long and 8,000 words plus. It almost feels like an excuse not to finish - but its exactly that which I need to keep fighting against. This is just another sneaky way of getting me off course.

Finishing what you start (or what you say you'll finish) is absolutely key to doing anything in life - remember that.

I really feel a push to go and read some of the Bible or the book on David - I need to put in a big effort to finish this review so that I may spend some time doing that tonight. And if it's not tonight, I'll make sure to find time for it tomorrow - yes, between math, but we'll make time. We can.

**9:02 PM** - Back at the desk. Dinner was good, some good listening to music with my sister while we ate and they played games - it made me think that moments like these are the ones I'll treasure in 10 years like I treasure her cute 5-year old videos.

Now, it's time to get working and get that review done. I have decent eneregy, but I have no idea how to do it - I think the most important thing to remember to just do something. It's the first iteration of what will hopefully be many, so it doesn't need to be perfect, it just had to be something that can be iterated on.

On we go!

**9:55 PM** - I just finished a re-read of all of my notes. Time to get dirty and start writing - this is the ugly part!

**10:39 PM** - I'm really pretty fried. I manage to write one small section - I think the style I'm going with is unique "topic/common thread" commentary and then just hope everything smoothly connects together.

Anyways. I'm going to head to bed - maybe it's half excused half truth but I don't think working for the next hour and twenty minutes will yield any better results.

I will however try and wake up early tomorrow (that's something like 5:30 or 6:00) to try and knock this thing out before breakfast to then actually start working on our main task, which lets not forget is studying mathematics.

Still pretty proud of today's effort though - the tank is empty right now.
