---
title: March 27th
date: 3/27/2026
---

One of the things that has happened quite a bit often as of lately has been that my mind goes adrift and starts creating rather vivid scenarios of my future life in my head.

I suspect one of the reasons it does this is an attempt at rationalizing what in the interim seems so irrational - like studying fourth-grade mathematics. It's probably a response to what it knows it'll think, that it's all pointless and that it's all so much and we have so little time - _How are we ever going to make it if we want to discover theorems and we're only at addition!_

Well, imagining a future in which I get to do all the things I want is a way to cope with that. I've just found that it's a bit broken still.

Lately, when I imagine the future I think of a guy who's assembled a team and is running the entirety of the Pan-American highway. Completing (or at that point attempting) one of the biggest ultra-running feats in history.

I then work both backwards and forwards. I picture myself on podcasts talking about the achievement. I look back and think of all of the things that I would've had to do to make this possible - Having had to have made lots of money to be free enough to be able to assemble a team and dedicate my life to running 50 miles a day for a year straight. Having had learned about tons of subjects deeply enough so that knowledge actually transferred to real world applications. Having had grown enough as a man to be at a point where some crazy woman^[Crazy and beautiful, baby. I love you, even though I don't know you.] has decided to set on this year-long journey with me. Etc, etc, etc...

The thing is, as cool as all of this sounds - and as much as I'd kill for that to be my future - it's hard to try and bring it all back to fourth-grade mathematics.

Not that there's not a way to see it - I do see the story. You go from fourth-grade math, to eventually being able to understand higher level mathematical concepts, which then opens doors for adjacent fields like engineering, AI, etc... which inevitably (with enough - hard - tries) spurs out some unique application that's useful to the world (and which I'm uniquely qualified to bring...because of everything I've done) and thus opens the path for money, which in turns opens the path for freedom.

It makes sense, it's just a lot harder to connect those dots to my podcast talking self who's answering Chris Williamson's questions.

Its funny because I vaguely see those moments in my visions. I'll be sat there referencing things written in this very webpage - in the vision they all sound smart and clear, and I can vaguely come up with a few words to think about what it is that these imaginary posts describe. Axioms, as Chris would call them.

> \*Yes Chris, that's sort of when I realized, sometimes, moments should just be that - moments. We shouldn't feel the need to create something out of everything. Sometimes we can be happy enough leaving a long-lasting moment of perfection without having to grab onto it and try to make it ours - we might ruin the story if we involve ourselves long-enough.

Just like that. Cool enough snippets that I can almost reach out and see entire insightful essays and life-lessons about, but not quite - because they're all just fantasies.

That's to say - and I'm stealing from Matthew McConaughey here - _it's time to be less impressed and more involved_

It's time to start living the day to day as the dream, as the story that I'll some day tell, as the moment I'll someday reference, because it is.^[Not every second can be part of the grand story though, can it? I struggle to think how the six-hour car ride tomorrow will find itself into the podcast in fifteen-years, but I guess that's where the big challenge lies. If you're really living the story, you're living both the thrilling moments you'll one day tell of, and you're also living the dull - yet still necessary - idleness of life apart from these moments. It's just that today both seem as real as each other, because they are.

It's just that as time passes the thrilling moments seem realer, they seem like the biggest piece, because they'll be the ones that come out of your mouth more often. Though one could argue the real lasting ones are the idle moments, because it's in idleness and silence where you see what it is that you're really made of - and it's only what we're made of that makes us or break us when it really matters.]

    - Santi
