---
title: 5/28 — Play by Play
date: 5/28/2026
---

**11:00 AM** - Okay, back at it. Woke up at ~9am again. I honestly woke up in not a great mood. I was kind of down - for some reason I dreamt about sex, not in a with my wife kind of way, so that rattled me a bit. Over breakfast I was listening to some romantic salsa, and started thinking about love, future partners, scenarios in my head of how we'd meet and else, and was generally not feeling very motivated to come and do work.

I ended up solving that by talking to Gemini about theoretical scenarios in the casino - planning how I'd play my system, how I would camouflage, etc... It brought some of the excitement back. But now I feel very similar to yesterday, just a bit scared of the work.

But hey, we know the feeling. I'll just jump in and see what today has. We just need to plow forward, and try and shrink the gap between those dreams and our ability to get to them.

**1:48 PM** - Pretty much done with reviews. Nothing new written, but everything we did yesterday in python is understood (maybe except how to code the creation of charts, but I'll say that's ancillary knowledge for now).

Going to take a break to go have lunch and probably take a shower. Then Claude said it's time to keep building.

I have a desire to want to watch Mad Men or some show while I eat, but I realize that probably defeats the purpose of the break because I'd overload by brain with stimuli still. I think the better idea is some more music again, I'll try to do that (if I can't bear just silence).

Anyways, will be back.

**3:46 PM** - Alright, we're back. Mind went adrift for a minute. First in a good sense, imagining a cool future. Then it started getting gloomy, thinking about money, how hard it theoretically is to accumulate a lot of it, etc...

Anyways, we put our heads down and work. Thinking about it won't get us anywhere.

Going to try and tackle some building now.

**5:15 PM** - Getting to a drowsey and mopey point now.

**9:55 PM** - Took a few breaks, but also worked a decent bit. Ended up rebuilding the entire simulator with claude which was a good idea because it got to the point where the code and tests got so messy that it was even hard to think. Now I get things much more clearly.

From here we now build a Bayesian engine, which essentially is our state of the art model which should learn from roulette spins and be able to say whether we've built something that can in theory adaptably learn and predict roulette with higher than random accuracy.

Anyways, took a quick break for dinner and I'll take another quick one to finish a feet treatment for the injury I have from the race.

After I may decide to engage with the bayesian build a bit, but maybe we leave it to tackle fully tomorrow.

**11:52 PM** - Think I'm going to call it a night on work right about now. Ended up engaging with thee bayesian engine build a lot more than I thought I would which is good.

Left it at the point where all we need to do is the test the first build of it - going to leave that for the morning so that we can either be happy about the results or be fresh enough to deal with the bad news.

I might watch a bit of Youtube before bed, I'm not sure, head is now at the point where it feels I'm a bit sick, so it's probably not the greatest of ideas. I just feel the same sensation I've felt the past couple of days where I don't really feel like sitting in bed quietly for a while.

Anyways, going to wrap up computer work here.

I will see you in the morning!
