---
title: 4/28 — Play by Play
date: 4/28/2026
---

**4:50 AM** - Couldn't really sleep. Watch says at best I got 4.5 hrs.

Going to skip the game (might watch while studying). Going to go back to bed and see if I can squeeze two more hours of sleep.

**10:04 AM** - Well, that wasn't really 2 hours...

It's 10 am and I've just now gotten out of bed. And I'm not really sure why. It's one of those days when getting out of bed feels like the championship final.

I know its no good, but there's also no point in ruining the rest of the day because I think I'm an idiot and deserve nothing.

Just sat down for breakfast, going to get right into Math Academy too and hopefully work for a good bit before taking the dogs out, and then we'll try to get the run and workout done before lunch.

**11:28 AM** - Been working since I said I would. We've racked up 88 XP on the day and are 11% through of the way with pre-algebra.

I'm writing this because Math Academy is now asking me to take a supplemental diagnostics exam for pre-algebra. I'm guessing they want to re-asses whether maybe they should skip some material. I really rather them not skip anything, but I also don't want to just completely bomb the exam so that happens, because only God knows where they may send me.

I might just take the exam without any outside help at all - like I said before for some quizzes for maybe a question or two I'll look online at how you do something just to verify that I'm doing it correctly.

I'm going to take a quick stop, go make my bed, and then sit at the desk and take the exam. We'll see what happens after that.

**11:49 AM** - Alright, time to see what this is all about...

**11:55 AM** - Well that was fast, it was only three questions. Two for stats and one for Geometry. I didn't know the Geometry question so I skipped it, and I got one right (determining data outliers) and one wrong in stats (box plots).

It says I'm now 19% of the way done with the course, and it shaded a lot more of the stats section, so I guess the outlier question might've been a good chunk of the material, who knows.

Back to the grin anyways.

**12:54 PM** - Was going to take the dogs out right about now but it started pouring rain, so that's a no-go now.

Ended up getting another 73 XP for a total of 161 XP today. We've also climbed all the way to 1st in the Sapphire league.

Math Academy says we're about 22% of the way through with pre-algebra, we'll have to see how that moves over the next few days with the amount of XP we're collecting. Their data says we'll finish in about mid-august at current pace but its saying I'm only doing about 30 XP a day which seems off.

Anyways, going to take a quick break, take a shower, and then we will see what's happening for the rest of the day. It may either be lunch right after shower, maybe some more time to work, or perhaps I will give myself the chance to see the match since we've put in some good work regardless of the mess-up this morning.

**1:57 PM** - Alright, that worked out kind of perfect. It stopped raining right about 1:10, so instead of showering and having lunch I took the dogs out for about 50 mins. Just got back.

Its perfect because now I'm going to go have lunch and I can watch the match simultaneously.

Going to go do that and hopefully by the end of it I'll have had enough time post lunch so that I can head out for that warm up run.

**4:22 PM** - What a macth that was, absolutely bonkers.

Going to go out for that run now. Quick 4k before the workout.

I'll be back!

**6:43 PM** - Okay, that's the strengthening session done as well.

It wasn't too bad today, played some music while I did it so that probably helped.

Just a run for training tomorrow, which is good, I know psychologically I can knock that out much easily.

Anyways, going to take a quick break, dinner might be served fairly soon. I'm also thinking that if I'm not bed tired by like 9 PM I'll probably just stay up until 12 or so and just wake up at 7 tomorrow. That way I can pack some work in instead of just hoping to fall asleep.

**8:40 PM** - Alright, back at the desk. Going to get to Math Academy and see when I'm about ready for bed.

**9:16 PM** - Alright, going to end it right about there.

Getting a bit harder to focus on the words on the screen, plus a quiz just popped up, so I'd rather do it with a fresh set of eyes.

Going to stop for the night and hopefully be asleep no later than 10 PM so that we can have an early start tomorrow!
