---
title: 6/1 — Play by Play
date: 6/1/2026
---

**2:46 PM** - We don't need to be right with ourselves to do good work. We don't need to feel like we're good people to do great things. We can simply do them.

**4:01 PM** - Finally done with the ancilliary explanations for the paper - at least the two I had to do this far.

Took me 40 mins that.

What I had been avoiding for 2 days took me 40-mins - that means that a 40-min task became a 60 hour task, and 59 hours and 20 minutes of that was purely avoidance.

I really don't want to do this paper anymore, but its the same problem, I have to do it, so I might as well cut on the avoidance time.

**8:23 PM** - Okay, let's try to break down our problems into smaller achievable to do's. We've been watching YouTube shorts long enough. But its really just the fact that my sister came home and I felt embarrassed to have those out loud.

First thing to do, write a bridge section to introduce the fact that now we are modelling wheel physics mechanics. On we go.

Let's see how long that takes.

**8:57 PM** - Alright, we'll however long that was that's how long it took me to write the entire section on the wheel's model. It isn't such a long section, don't think too highly of me. Been fairly distracted, but I'm working on things that I've worked on before so I'm not too worried.

I've gotten to the point where my old notes say I should move on to the expected value math, but I'm _really_ dreading that. But the good news is I could maybe move on to writing the code documentation piece and writing the EV math later, since I don't really need the EV math just yet.

Anyways, I've got to do something, we need to keep making progress.

A fun thing to do, which is kind of work avoidance but justifiable enough is figuring out how I can insert code snippets into Google docs. Going to go see if I can do that.

**9:17 PM** - Alright, figured out how to do that - it isn't the most elegant because Google won't let me get an add-on for some reason, but copying and pasting code from my IDE makes it look like code, so we'll go with that.

Going to go eat a sandwich, I'll be back.

At the least I'll write a code intro/bridge paragraph before I go to sleep tonight. That's the type of barrier I need to break, leaving nothing new for the next work session, just things to continue on. I'm confident that will make start-up friction become less of a factor.

**11:23 PM** - I don't want to go to sleep and I really do not want to work either.

I'm scared to go to sleep because I know I haven't done anything, and I'm scared to work because...I don't know, I really don't know.

I can't not keep the promise to myself though, I need to write that bridge.

**11:40 PM** - Okay, its done, its written.

Its not the best bridge in research paper history but it does its job. We can go to sleep now feeling like we didn't totally betray ourselves.

I'm writing it here even though I don't want to because I know it's going to suck, but the alarm is set for 6 am - that's wake-up time.

Tomorrow we try and make the same effort - just working regardless of how feel or what's in front us. That's the hurdle we need to go through, just working.
