---
title: March 14th
date: 3/14/2026
---

Since this website has been up — which at the time of writing this has been exactly 2 days, 12 hours, and 30 minutes — I’ve been in a state of conscious denial of work.

As a bit of context, the desire to have this website has been in my mind for a _very very long time_. Probably over a year, year-and-a-half. The whole point was that I wanted a place where I could keep track of my journey — the journey from being an average guy to becoming great.

The entire thing started because I felt there was something missing. All the people that I’d see on magazines, movies, videos, and podcasts talked about what it took for them to get where they were, to really make it. But it felt to me that they were talking from a place that wasn’t as real as it could be. These are 30, 40, and 50 year olds talking about what they were thinking about or going through as 15, 20, and 25 year olds — but it’s a perspective too far removed, it’s tainted with the years that sit between them now and back then.

A silly example I give is that any of these guys could be talking about how when they were in their early 20s they struggled with pornography, couldn’t stop jerking-off, etc, etc, etc… but they do so from a chair in podcast in which they are also talking about how much they’ve done since then — all the business success they’ve had, or the athletic accolades they have to their name — and all they have now, like their beautiful wives and perfect children.

But, it seems to me that that is a far safer and easier place to talk about these things than doing so when you are that early 20s guy, have nothing to show for yourself, and have just jerked-off five times in a day.

By no means take me as saying that these guys should get no credit, in fact, I’d give them all the credit in the world — I aspire to be like them. I’m only saying that I wish I could hear what they were viscerally feeling in that moment, because then I could see a person just like myself, going through exactly what I’m going through — but having the great benefit of knowing that they’ve made it. And so whatever it is that I'm going through, I’ll know that there’s a way out.

Deep inside of me I have some weird self-belief that tells me that I can make it, that I can really hit a _home-run_ in this life. But, at the same time, I struggle with these seemingly average and stupid problems that I can’t seem to get over.

I spend more time on my phone that I’m comfortable with admitting. I watch things that I’d judge anyone else for having a conversation about. I’m lazy. I say I’m going to do things and I don’t. I break promises to myself. I lie to others. I’m prideful. I'm lustful. The whole nine-yards, really.

Sometimes I think that I’d be better off being worse — I’d push more if I had no legs and dreamed of running a marathon, I’d push if I had dyslexia and wanted to get into university, or if my mom had cancer and I wanted to become a doctor. But I sit here, painfully average, a guy with problems that seem stupidly trivial compared to other’s suffering — and while I’m fully aware of that, I also stop to acknowledge that they are my problems.

And my theory is that, like me, there’s billions of others. Guys that aren’t 200 pounds overweight, are not living below a bridge somewhere, or happen to be far too deep into drugs or alcohol.

Just guys living at home with their parents. Guys not astonishingly bad at anything but not terribly good at anything either. Guys who have girlfriends here and there but still jerk-off more than they should. Guys who can do 3 pull-ups, but not 10. Guys who are ultimately slowly dying at their desks, typing away at their excel sheets, code-editors, or whatever it is that they happen to do for the above-average salary they keep themselves going with.

And that’s who I think I am.

But as I’ve said before, there’s this tiny flame burning inside of me, I can still feel it telling me that there’s more. And I just wish it would just start a fire. I wish it would burn me to ashes and bring me back and renewed.

So that’s why this page exists, because maybe like you reading, I’m just an average guy who thinks he can be great, and he wants to prove to you — and to himself — that it is possible to stop living this life. To stop hiding under illusions of potential. To stop being afraid of taking and grabbing everything he ever wanted. To stop being afraid of hitting a wall so hard that he gets knocked out.

I know there’s a way out. I just can’t see it yet. But bear with me, I know I’ll find it.

    - Santi
