---
title: 6/6 — Play by Play
date: 6/6/2026
---

**10:00 AM** - Just got out of bed. Nothing new, but hey, we make the best of what we have.

Today is my first day back running - had a bit of an injury which I hope its gone. Let's be happy about that - good energy going into that first run, we want it to go well.

Going to go down and have breakfast and we'll make a good day out of this.

Waking up late doesn't mean we throw teh day away not working or watching YouTube etc...

On we go brothers.

**12:17 PM** - Okay, I'm definitely off track.

Let's get an hour minimum session before we go out for the run. It's nothing, it's just 4k.

Come on, let's get back to our feet.

One hour work session, it's not Saturday, it's just another day, same as yesterday same as tomorrow.

Come on.

**1:21 PM** - Alright, an hour done.

We finished the things left over from yesterday and also built a validation program to make sure every function in our simulator is running correctly.

Not feeling sharp really, so I'm going to get ready, go for that quick run, come back, have lunch, shower, and I'll come back to do some more work.

It'll mostly be boring-ish work again - going to start a jupyter notebook to write notes about our code, and since we have a bunch of programs, well, it'll take a while.

We're getting eerily close to testing with video, which will be a new exciting phase - but I need to make sure I understand everything we have now before we move on to that.

Anyways, I'm excited for the run. We'll see how my right foot feels and how my body deals with coming back after an almost 2 and half week hiatus.

I'll be back.

**6:39 PM** - Been taking it easy since I got back from the run - I just feel physically beat, but it's alright.

It's probably both the fact that I'm more than likely experiencing the terrible soreness that comes with working out for the first time in a long time and also the running for the first time.

I felt very stiff when running but my legs and feet feel fine now, it mostly my chest and shoulders, the right side hurts a little more, I'm hoping they will be alright by monday...

Taking it easy though.

That doesn't mean doing whatever I want - it's not giving in into temptation or desires, but it is allowing myself to kind of just switch off and lay in bed watching television.

Tomorrow is church, so that will be good, probably another easy day, but at last we have to be recharged by monday, no excuses there.
