---
title: March 17th
date: 3/17/2026
---

I’m having a bit of a rough time today — at the moment it feels like my mind is clouded, I can hear so many thoughts screaming for attention at the same time, and yet there’s so many of them that each scream is indistinguishably quiet.

It’s funny how I can be in polar opposites of the emotion spectrum doing the same task. Working on updating the math journal this morning, I was at points light like a feather moving through the work joyfully, and at some others I was an anchor going to the bottom of the pool of existential despair.

I don’t really know how to put into words what is so abstract in my mind yet so clearly felt through my bones. But I think a good way to start is to stop trying to make sentences sound pretty and eloquent and just put words on paper.

Here goes nothing:

It all started when as a joke I sent a friend of mine a picture of what I was working on — that picture was a snippet of the math journal I was updating which read

> I have 3 apples and 4 pears, how many fruits do I have?

I captioned the text saying something like _“High level work we do around these parts”._ And what was meant as a quick self-deprecating joke came back to bite.^[Take none of what I’ll describe next as animosity towards my friend — he said only things which are true, and which I often think about myself. I’m just writing this to try and unpack my own thoughts — which just happened to spring from that conversation. Also, do not take this as a signal not to make comments about me, my work, or what I’m doing. I appreciate and welcome those comments. In the end I'm on a journey to peel layers of myself, and you saying these things help. You’re not hurting, you help — I just deal with things my own way.]

My friend replied with something like _“We both know you’re past addition. Why not just take an online test and start a course from where it tells you to?”_

We had a brief conversation and I agreed that I’d be thinking about the fact that I may be doing things considered pretty elemental. His nudge was enough for me to consider finishing up that journal and simply stabbing at the problem starting with the online diagnostics test and whatever course it recommended.

I then went on a quick internet search to look for reviews of the course site I had in mind^[Admittedly, I did this to avoid work…and look where it's gotten me.]. Two searches proved enough to collapse my brain.

The first search threw out this [article](https://madisonkanna.substack.com/p/my-honest-review-of-math-academy) which had nothing but beautiful things to say about the site — _“hurray”_ I said to myself, and more motivated than ever I thought about how great life would be once I finished up my math journal and could start using this site to _really_ learn.

Then I got greedy, I clicked on another article hoping to find some more validation of my choices. And that didn’t go great, as you might’ve expected. [This one](https://newsletter.ozwrites.com/p/a-balanced-review-of-math-academy) had a whole slew of reasons why the site wasn’t really all that great.

It generally posed the following point:

> Sites like these promote and produce procedural fluency more than they do real, deep understanding of concepts.

I generally agreed with his point — I value deep understanding over the mechanical ability to apply rules to solve problems thrown my way.

Up to that point everything was good I thought. I’d just go back to the math journal I’d been writing about pre-algebra — after all _I was getting deep conceptual understanding_ by starting from zero.

But then I kept reading, and he started making a point out of the fact that learning shouldn’t necessarily come in neat little-packaged pre-requisite maps. That if someone wanted to learn machine learning for instance, we shouldn’t ask them to go learn five years worth of maths first.

Another point with which once again, I agreed with.

But agreeing with that is very internally conflicting. _I am trying to package my learning into neat little-packaged pre-requisite maps_ — the only difference is I’m going solo. No course required.

So inevitably I had to keep my inner scorecard in check and re-evaluate what belief I thought to be more true.

The answer was something like

> Learning should not manifest as procedural fluency. Procedural fluency should come as a result of deep understanding.
>
> And apparently^[Here’s where my brain breaks, again.], deep understanding isn’t gained by following a neat little-packaged pre-requisite map, but rather by pursuing material which _moves you_^[Weird how at the same time I know exactly what that means and have absolutely no idea what the author is talking about.]

So inevitably I got nowhere and got stuck in a rut.

And what followed^[I won’t explain it all in detail because 1) neither do I understand myself fully 2) nor do I want to write a 1,000 word essay about it.] was just a swarm of thoughts following the same pattern — great arguments which conflict with each other which somehow force me to choose a side for my internal scorecard, which most usually means terrible — and paralyzing — internal conflict.

A couple of rough conclusions I arrived at were

1. Physical exercise — leading to some sort of exhaustion — is a must for me. It’s probably a great antidote to the cloud-minded problem + it probably helps you re-ground yourself and remember that you can’t let yourself rot away from some words you hear in your head.

2. Serving others is probably a great way to gain some fulfillment and perspective. At the end of the day, thinking about all that I want to know and don’t is a problem that feels soul-crushing, but it’s really more of a privilege — going out and serving others who are in worse conditions probably helps with remembering how lucky you are to be dealing with your problems. It may even get you excited to come back to your desk and write about addition.

3. The story above is really just the story of modern-life. In today’s world we’ll be able to find — convincing —- arguments for and against absolutely anything we want to do, so searching for the right answer doesn’t really seem like a thing anymore. It probably comes down to making choices for yourself, having conviction about them, and being humble enough to change your mind in the future.

_My takeaway?_

> Filter out the noise. Follow your own path. Hit some walls, change course, keep going.

    - Santi
