---
title: March 30th
date: 3/30/2026
---

Again today I felt this fleeting sensation in my chest. I've felt it before, it's a sort of light yet uncomfortable feeling which both makes you want to laugh and take a hot-shower to wash off.

It's sensation I get when I've been good for a while - when promises to myself and others have been kept, when work has been thoroughly done, when temptations have been contained, when discipline has been exercised, etc, etc, etc...

Its funny to think that the sensation is uncomfortable though. At first glance it doesn't appear that it should be - everything has been rolling according to plan. The skies are wide open and birds are singing just for you. What in the world could be wrong? Well, nothing's really wrong, its just that the novelty of being good has worn-off now and it's starting to seem like this is becoming the expectation, it's becoming the norm - and that's scary. It's heavy.

_Getting to_ do something and _having to_ do something are very different things. The former is light - it can be dropped at any point and reality won't change much, it'll just go back to normal. The latter is heavy though, it's a never ending weight on one's back that demands to be held.

The interesting thing about _this sensation_ though is that its unlike any other I've felt. We're born sinners and sinners we'll die - its our nature. But thankfully, God is merciful enough to let us live, to let us choose. And in choosing there's the possibility to choose out of sin. The possibility to choose to be _good_. It's not clear to me exactly why we do this, after all, being bad is much easier than it is to be good. But still we find ourselves pushed to goodness. We find there are just visceral feelings that we can't really explain, but that somehow do tell us that we ought to, or ought not to do something.

And I think it's that very principle which is making me feel this way. I don't _have to_ be good - after all, we're free creatures and get to choose for ourselves what it is that we want do. I do however _get to_ choose to be good. But within the demand of _having to_ and the liberty of _getting to_, lives the reality of _needing to_ (or the reality of _ought to_). And that's what causes this feeling.

It's the fact that though you can drop the rock at any time, you parallelly feel like you shouldn't and like you want to. You want to because being good isn't demanded of you - and so if it isn't demanded of you and if it's harder to do than its opposite, then why do it at all? But you also don't want to drop the rock because you know that while you're not demanded to do good, you are, in fact, _called_ to do good. And that's heavier than the rock, that's not the heaviness of chains put on to you, but it's the heaviness of trust - the heaviness of knowing that something has been given to you and that you _really ought to try and take care of it_.

In less abstract terms all this really means^[To me at least...] is that the discomfort arises from the fact that its much easier to live in the world of badness - it's much easier to choose sin and to attribute faith to faults. And so when one has been on a journey of goodness, and one realizes the heaviness that comes with choosing good, there's an inevitable moment where before jumping to the cliff of the unknown you look back and see what you're leaving. You get one last chance to run back and say it was all an act.

The heaviness is telling you that this isn't an easy path, that it won't bring comfort - it's why there's a need to get into a hot-shower. It's the want to try and wash-away the sin and sit in comfort, it's the want to get dirty and get to clean it up afterwards. Now, the lightness^[Notice how it's that contrast that probably makes the sensation uncomfortable. It's heaviness and lightness packed in one. Felt in parallel.] is telling you that there _is_, that there is indeed comfort on the other side - it's just also telling you that it won't come easy. Lightness is telling you than on the other side of sin is a new you - but its also telling you that sin is glued to your flesh, and so tearing it off is going to hurt. Lightness is telling you that there's a king out there that's going to rule and love you - but it's also telling you that the king demands you stop yourself. Lightness is telling that the sun will rise, you'll just have to survive the night to see it.

Fight the discomfort. Choose goodness, let it pull you.

Thank you, Lord, for pulling me to goodness.

    - Santi
