---
title: March 28th
date: 3/28/2026
---

I don't know what one writes in a day like this. There's not many highlights - I don't know if there's any really, it was genuinely a day in which seven-hours were spent inside a car listening to music and the rest were spread between meals with the family and some pool time.

Probably about nine-months back now I was working at job at a call-center. I took the job in an effort to try and see more of the "real world" - trying to live through the struggle^[It was a very different life than I was used to before, that's for sure. But I also figured I'm an foreign-educated univeristy-graduate english-speaker in a third-world country...I'll never really struggle.] so to say.

The routine became so monotonous and senseless so quickly that I remember starting to create meaning out of doing little things every day which got me closer to being the person I wanted to be. If I couldn't do it in the grandiose and open, I'd do it in the small and unnoticed.

It started with a small challenge for myself. In the two-hour bus/public transportation commute from my house to work (and back, of course) I vowed to always give my seat if I saw a women (a female, rather) standing up. It may sound like a no-effort job - it did when I said it to myself. But like most other things in life, when the moment comes there are hundreds of reasons not to - you've just woken up at 4:30 am after only sleeping for four hours...you've got a two-hour ride ahead of you, and you'd rather sit...your breakfast is terrible-tasting oatmeal and protein in a bottle, which you can't really drink standing up with all the people around you...etc, etc, etc...

But I quickly realized that it's in those moments where I really proved to myself - not to anyone else - who I really was.It was easy enough to look the other way when a perfectly healthy - and let's be honest, not terribly attractive - woman came into a bus with no seats left. And no one would've noticed really. Neither would have anyone cared. But the most severe of sentencer in the room wasn't anyone looking, it was myself. _I_ knew I was giving in to my tired legs, my lazy self, or my selfish self. _I_ knew that if that woman was instead an attractive young lady I'd get up in a heartbeat and give her the seat. _I_ knew that I'd made a commitment and was faulting on it.

And that, I realized, was the quickest and surest way to start living in real-life hell - a place where I didn't respect myself. A place where I couldn't be proud of myself. Not because of any self-esteem or mental problems (as some may ascribe) but because pride and respect _could not_ be felt - at least not earnestly.

And truly I say to you, you could have everything in the world, but if you cannot bear a look in the mirror you'd be better off dead.^[Would you buy *you* a beer?]

So, it's those tiny moments in which we prove to ourselves that we are who say we are. The good - and bad - news is that you get hundreds of chances every day to do just that. Not spectacle chances. Not chances that'll make it to the story. Not chances that'll be viewed or acknowledged by anyone other than yourself. But chances that nevertheless make you whole or tear you apart.

If you want to be a gentleman, you be a gentleman to everyone, not just the pretty ladies.

If you want to be kind, you're kind when you feel like it and when you don't.

If you want to be patient, you're patient waiting for your latte at Starbucks and you're also patient waiting in line at the hospital for eight-hours after they'd said you'd be out of there in no more than thirty.

You don't get to pick and choose when you are who you want to be, your real self just comes out when it needs to - so take the practice and shape it, mold it to your liking.

> None of this will make it in to the papers. But it'll speak on your behalf louder than what does appear.

    - Santi
