---
title: May 31st
date: 5/31/2026
---

Lately my drug of choice has been watching Mad Men non-stop.

The show's setting is the advertising world of the 1960s, and though that's not necessarily the main part of the show, I've been captivated by it. There's something magical about the sophisticated use of words, something about coming up with the perfect tag line, about crafting just the right story.

And for some reason I lived in that world today. For half an hour I was Don Draper^[The show's main character].

It was me, in the shower, when a thought suddenly came upon me.

_"Starlink, freedom is here"_

Ah, the beauty of those 60 seconds. The joy of feeling like you got it just right - so simple yet so perfect. You feel the cleverest man in the world.

Then you think about the rest of it - a justification for your brilliance. In a world full of junk and data, how do I stand out? What billboard would I look at in Times Square? I'd look at something still, something quiet, something that wasn't trying to speak to me...but that somehow did.

It's a man, sitting on a whipped up lawn chair with the mountains beside him. There's no rush, there's no noise. There's just a laptop in front him next to a fresh cup of coffee - he's finally there. It's not nirvana, he doesn't feel like the king of the world, but he feels light. He feels his.

He's relaxed.

He's free.

Beside him, a starlink dish.

Starlink, freedom is here.

Pft. It blows my mind, it really does.

Maybe I'm honking my own horn too loudly - if I am, please tell me. But there's just something about the story, about that visual.

It's not a story about internet speeds, it's not a story about price, it's a feeling. It's not for the remote worker, it's not for the entrepreneur, or the adventure-seekers - it's for everyone. It's a deep human need - the need to feel like we aren't running from anything.

In a world of noise where everyone sells me data and performance, I want you to sell me a dream.

If it works or it doesn't, it's my fault, not yours. Sell me performance, and I'll always be disappointed. I'll look back at the internet speeds you promised and feel like I need more.

But if you sell me a dream?

I'll look back at that picture and feel exactly as I did when I first saw it.

And that? That's worth more than a purchase.

I don't know if you see it, but I do - I see the spark. Not in Starlink, but in me. I think about things like these and think of just how great I can be. I think of a portfolio full of creative - my tag lines, my ads, my billboards. I think of someone discovering it and thinking to themselves that it's a piece of art. Having them feel lucky for having encountered that part of internet. I think about someone on X complimenting my work. I think about getting emails asking me if I do private work for brands.

And I think of myself not as advertiser, but as the idea-man. The idea-man who has work to show for it.

Not just in ads, but in everything.

Some days I really think I can be that person.

Maybe I'm delusional - but some days I see the brilliance.

And that's precisely why it's hard to be here. Because I know it's in there, I just haven't gotten it out.
