---
title: March 26th - Play by Play
date: 03/26/2026
---

**7:03 AM** - Just woke up. Out of bed already. Going to go through the normal routine - breakfast, shower, cleaning up the room and such. Will be back so we can start off the day early and get ahead of the work.

PS: Ended up going to bed at about 10 PM maybe, read about two chapters of the book.

**8:41 AM** - Back at the desk, finished the usual start of the day business. Going to get right to studying - hoping to have at least 3 hours of work done before having lunch. Feeling okay, not great, not terrible.

**8:56 AM** - Need to take my dog out really quick, need to stop the session for a min. That's 15 mins completed at least...

**9:10 AM** - Back at the desk. Getting right back to it.

**10:20 AM** - Finished another block of studying. Still feeling good and motivated, but going to stop to get a drink (and maybe do some push-ups, thinking of adding a set every hour of work) and to write this up.

We're sitting at 102 XP today, and we've worked one hour and twenty-five mins total. So we're going at a rate of 72 XP per hour.

I'll be back in a sec.

**10:37 AM** - Back again. About 15 mins it took me, and it genuinely felt like 5...time really goes by quick! That's a 3x difference between the time I thought I took and what I actually took.

Anyways, got a drink and a snack, knocked 12 regular push-ups and 5 reverse grip push-ups^[These are hard haha, my wrists hurt now.]. We'll hunker down for at least another hour work, but hoping to get to the 3-hour mark by lunch - which should be at about 12:30 or 1:00.

**11:57 AM** - Just finished another session of studying. That's a one hour and twenty-minute session, so we've worked a total of two hours and forty-five minutes. Going to hit another quick fifteen-minute session just to call it three hours.

**12:12 PM** - That's 15 more. Three hours studying, sitting at 249 XP for the day - rate of 82 XP/hr.

It's definitely getting monotonous and tedious at this point - it's hard to imagine I need to do this for roughly the same amount of time again today (and even more). These are the little things one has to get through though. If I can't get through the tediousness of doing simple problems for hours on end, how am I going to manage doing tough problems consecutively - need to train the muscle.

I've also found that, like reviews say, the platform is great at getting you procedural fluency - if you put in front of me a problem that requires me to use the rules I've learned I can solve it now. But I don't know that my conceptual understanding (at least the deep one) has grown much.

It's tempting to want to switch and figure out a way to keep my conceptual and procedural fluencies on par, but I don't know how to do that since my procedural fluency goes up way faster and with less friction than my conceptual understanding does.

That's not to say I'll leave the latter in the dark - that's the one I want. But perhaps a way to get there is to get procedurally fluent enough and then just try and decode the concepts a bit after.

My vague idea is getting to a point where I've completed at least 4th and 5th grade math, and then look back at all the topics I've learned, and at that point start creating mini-posts for the website that include the conceptual understanding of these topics. For now, we just focus on putting in the time solving problems.

Another thing I did want to do was to start Anki - I read some [essays](https://augmentingcognition.com/ltm.html) by [Andy Matuschak](https://andymatuschak.org/) and [Michael Nielsen](https://michaelnielsen.org/) talking about how to augment long term memory, and how that helps in a number of different ways (like in the creative process or generally being a better and more articulate thinker). Anyways, they were compelling enough to want me to give Anki a try - I'll just start with basic things I wan't to commit to memory, like certain mathematical concepts (say being able to explain stuff like greatest common factors, least common multiples, least common denominators without apparent effort), and we'll see how it works.

**12:41 PM** - just remembered I said push-ups for every hour of work. Just did 12 regular and 5 of the reverse grip - those really leave my wrist hurting haha, we will see if I can tolerate those long term or if I'll have to slow down.

Also, going down to eat lunch now. Will come back after and get some more studying done. When my sister gets home from school we'll probably take the dogs out for play-time, so ideally I cram some good work in before then.

**1:40 PM** - Finished eating and back at the desk. Going to try and shoot for 90 mins of work (or, _an hour and a half_, which sounds longer and cooler)...or whatever minutes I get before my sister gets home.

Math Academy says we're 51% through 4th grade math, let's see how much we can end the day at.

**3:10 PM** - Just wrapped up 90 mins of studying. If I'm adding correctly that puts us at four and half hours of total studying for the day. We're currently sitting at 415 XP for the day (rate of 92 XP/hr).

Math Academy says we're about 64% of the way through the course.

Going to take a quick break, see if my sister comes, and if not, I'll get back to it. Either way we'll definitely have at least one more 90 min session today.

Definitely want to try and do some of the Anki stuff - but I have felt through the day (just thinking about it) how little time I would've had if I did all that popped in my mind today. Say I added a few of the things I would've wanted to do like running, doing the Anki set up, plus doing some of the conceptual breakdowns of topics. Imagine each of those took an hour each (which is a conservative estimate) - but I've already spent all of my "productive day" studying math, and that's only been four and half hours! So I would've had to cut my main focus by 66% in order to add the other things.

The question is, would I have gotten the equivalent accumulated benefit in the other areas to justify a 66% reduction in math time? I don't know, probably not though.

**3:27 PM** - Going to take the dogs out for playtime with my sister, will be back!

**4:31 PM** - Back at the desk. Ended up coming back early because of the rain, and ended up watching a 30-min Youtube video...it was Veritasium though, so maybe we can half-excuse it as educational.^[Opening Youtube was a direct reflex of being frustrated and annoyed at someone, which is interesting - I use it as a mechanism to take my mind off of that at least. I should change that.]

Don't really feel like jumping on Math again, my brain feels scattered, like it wants to go and research stuff I'm not going to do or that is way beyond me just so it can feel accomplished without doing anything.

At a minimum I have to still do one more 90-min session + write the daily post for today, so I need to get cranking.

I'll start the 90-min math session and hopefully get into a rythm.

**6:07 PM** - Just finished another 90-min study session (took about 5 mins to get water, that's the extra time). That puts us at six hours of total studying today. Good increase from yesterday, but nonetheless still less than a full work day...which considering I have no full time job I should at least be getting eight hours in. But hey, still progress, we just need to be a bit better tomorrow.

Still need to write the daily post. Probably going to take a quick break (no screens, to clear the mind) and then come back and write that before dinner so we can have a bit of time to decide where we want to focus for the rest of the night.

We finished the day with 566 XP on the day (rate of 94 XP/hr) and with a course completion percentage of 76.

**6:30 PM** - Just re-read the entire play by play of the day so far. Two things popped up, 1) I need some sort of grammar tool for the markdown files I'm writing, there's too many little mistyping/misspelling mistakes I don't catch because there's so many words on the screen, and I have no filter between writing and posting, it's just re-reading and editing - I'll have to see if there's any way to add grammar checks on VS Code. 2) It's kind of surprising how little I remember of what I wrote / of the day, it feels as if though I've just been mechanically working, and so if I didn't have a written record of what I did or what I thought I'm not sure I could give you an accurate picture of my day.

One important thing comes out of that last reflection - I don't want to live every day of my life like that. I'd like to have days in which I'm so present and the day is so rich I have a clear picture of the day at the end of the day (and for a long time thereafter hopefully). The question that's left unanswered is whether days like the ones I had (which feel like mechanical work) are required for a life full of rich/present days - I'm really not sure.

Anyways, about to start writing the daily post. Not sure what I'll write yet, but I'll try to make it as good as possible.

PS: Maybe there's a cool way I can incorporate a "Wants/To-do list" that lives on the website, that way I will both 1) have a place where to jot down thoughts like these one so I can reference them to take them on later, and also 2) have a way to see just how many things I want and perhaps that'll morph into me understanding sometimes I just get urges that aren't really important to me - which will help me prioritize. (I guess figuring out how I want a to-do/wish-list on this website is the first item in the to-do list)

**7:00 PM** - Finished the daily post, it actually turned out way better than I expected. I like writing...when I think I write cool stuff that sounds nice.

Going to go have dinner and fold some laundry. Will be back after that and see what we'll do for the rest of the night. But I do have a feeling it'll be winding down with some reading, we'll see.

**7:54 PM** - All done eating. Going to do some quick research and see if I can do some sort of grammar check in VS Code.

**9:52 PM** - Research took like 5 mins - I downloaded a VS Code extension and now words the extension thinks are badly written it underlines in blue. Awesome!

I did spend the rest of two hours playing around with the Figma design file of the website. I designed a couple more screens I'd like to add and one animation that I think would be super fun to have on the website. It was fun to get to just design and live play land for a while. But it's also good that I was limited to doing that at the end of the day with some sort of stop timer since I needed to go to bed - otherwise that might've been my entire day...

Though it's hard, since I'd like to just figure out how to make those design changes into website ready code, I know I need to just work at them slowly and patiently whenever gaps open up **_around_** my main work and goal.

Going to head to bed now. Will try to read a tiny bit, but probably not much. I want to wake up a bit earlier tomorrow to try and seize some more of the day.
