---
title: May 26th
date: 5/26/2026
---

I have this memory of my college days, I'm not good with dates, but I know it's somewhere between the end of my second or middle of my third year in school.

I'd been showered with opportunity and had landed two pretty important internships. At the time, more than pure luck^[Though I thought I had been fortunate with timing] I thought that much of the reason why I had gotten them - and gotten to the place I was in at the time - was because of the way I had decided to approach the task of getting myself to the places where I wanted to be.

I studied Finance, and so like every other kid who did so in the country, my aspiration was to land a high-paying, big-time job with a big-name name firm in New York City.^[Now, maybe as helpful context - or perhaps just as a slight reminiscence that feeds my ego - you'll have to understand that there's a certain system involved in getting a fancy New York City finance job. It's not a secret, and it's not anything you wouldn't expect - it's just the whole networking game, knowing when events are happening, which to go to, what to say, how to act, and so on and so forth. But for some reason many kids just don't figure out that that's the game to play, at least they don't until it's too late.

I say that to say that I'm really not sure why it is that I figured it out when I did. I was, in some way, the first kid in my school's history to ever get to the places I had. So I wish I could tell you how it is that I managed to get the insight when I did, because at the end, that's much of what mattered. But I can't tell you. I can't say anything else that I probably surfed the web for information and just kept following long enough threads that allowed me to become privy to the information - but that to me begs the question, why? Why did _I_ happen to do that, and why had no other kid at my school ever done it? And that's the question I can't really answer.]

It was maybe the second of semester of my first year when I realized I wanted to do this. My dream of playing soccer professionally had finally come to an end, and so naturally I looked for another thing to put all my hopes and dreams into.

I started surfing the web and looking for things that might help. Finance blogs, YouTube videos, LinkedIn posts, whatever I could get my hands into really, and perhaps because of the fact that the content itself reinforced this idea that Finance recruiting was all-encompassing - demanding every bit of you - that routine (and evolved versions of it) became my life.

I remember the routine.

In the mornings I'd wake up with enough time before class to head to the dinning hall by the lake. Methodically, I'd grab the same thing every day; A big plate of scrambled eggs - no grits, some sausage or pork links, hash browns, and a big round plate of fruit which I topped up with granola and yogurt. I would then go sit roughly at the same spot, a four person table^[Which I took all for myself] in the first floor by the window which overlooked the lake. Then, it was time for networking - I'd take out my red iphone 11 and start sending messages to folks asking if I could steal some of their time to hop on a phone call. It was all planned, I'd spend a couple of minutes searching for the right people I wanted to contact that day, then a few more scanning as much of them as I could, and then a final few of writing (what I thought to be) the perfect messages. Hit send, finish breakfast, and off to class.

On the way to class, I probably used to listen to morning brief style podcast, one of those macro-news breakdown shows. You know, not waste any minute. Then, in class, instead of paying attention, I'd either pull up the Wall Street Journal on my computer and read as much on the markets section as I could, or I pulled up Yahoo Finance and the SEC websites and did research on stocks.

I don't much remember lunch to be honest, but I remember that at dinner time, instead of going through LinkdIn again, I would almost ritualistically open YouTube and watch videos about finance recruiting. Day's in the life of investment bankers, How to send the perfect connection messages, how to write cold emails, rankings of the top firms, excel videos, etc, etc, etc....

Now, reading it, it may not sound like much. But at the time, there was no single moment in which I was not thinking of finance recruiting. I was obsessed.

_"You need to be obsessed. You need to want it as bad as you want to breathe"_^[I stole that last quote, of course] I remember telling kids in that period between second and third year. They'd come up to me and ask how I'd gotten everything I had, and when I sat and tell them, it was clear as day for me, they needed to be more obsessed. There was no space for distractions, there was no space for entertainment - finance _had_ to become their entertainment, I'd say.

_"That's what worked for me"_, I remember going on. I'd explain to them that as crazy as it sounded, my nightly dinner entertainment was watching a guy who explained to me how to format a resume, or a girl who'd put a camera in front of herself as she typed away in Excel in a dimly lit office late at night. That's what I took. For every living second to be spent in service of the question, _"What do I need to do to get there"_.

That's my memory. That's what I remember. And I still deeply believe in that - it's what I might tell a kid who asks me the same question today.

And the thought just came to me today becuase I realized that I've never really done that again. Even though in the back of my head I know it works.

The problem I keep posing in my head is that I don't really know what lit that fire. There's a script, sure there is. But something allowed me to just follow it naturally, and I can't wrap my head around exactly what that was.

But I need it back, I do. I need the invigorating feeling that came with doing the same thing every day, because it felt purposeful. I need the unsatiable thirst to consume every piece of content about what I dream about. I need the clarity of a mental space full of one thought. I need that obsession back.

Nothing feels like it can spark that fire again anymore. But maybe the fact that I know the script and that I've once felt the feeling is enough for me to try it again.
