---
title: April 14th — Play by Play
date: 4/14/2026
---

**10:00 AM** - Okay, I'm back again.

I've honestly been dropping the ball over the past few weeks. Not writing, not studying, not praying, not going to church, etc...

It took me long but I've finally changed the daily structure so that play by play's show up regardless of whether there is a reflection or not. What had happened was that some days I'd write play by play's but would not write reflections and so the the former would not be visible on the webpage and thus it essentially had no purpose.

Now that I've switched them I hope I'll be more constant in my use of the website - regardless of if I feel inspired to write, study, or train on any given day I can always just write an entry on the PBP about what I'm doing to at least throw some chips in the middle.

Anyways, at the moment I'm sat at a cafe at some university in the city - I had to bring my sister and her friend for a school event where they get to see different uni's and such, so I'm trying to take advantage of the time to at least get some stuff done.

I believe I'll be here until about 12 or so when they come out. My plan is to write a reflection while I do that, so that after they leave we can just have lunch and head back home. I do need to run today still - 7K - so I need to make sure I do that when I get home.

Going to get to writing, or at least force myself to do nothing else but stare at the blank markdown file.

Though I'm tempted to, I will hold myself from getting distracted by the swarms of beautiful college girls which surround me.

**12:16 PM** - Alright, that's all done - reflection, and new short-term life focus written.

Sister finished too, she went to have lunch with her friends. I desperately need to find a restroom so I'll go do that, and then see if there's any lunch.

Then its really just getting together with them again and going home. I'll write before I do that.

**9:43 PM** - Back at the computer, finally.

I ended up grabbing lunch just outside the university. It started pouring rain so I just waited there until the sky cleared up a bit so my sister and her friend could come.

We left for home at about 2 PM and ended up getting there at about 4:30 PM, city traffic sucks.

Anyways, as soon as I got home I laid in bed, wanting to take a quick rest before running. That turned out to be not so quick...and I was still in bed at 7 PM. I did however drag myself out at 7:30 and went for that run the tarining plan had scheduled for today.

Let this be a reminder to just get training out of the way first thing in the morning, doing in the afternoon, especially after being out of the house has 10x the friction.

I'm now about to head to bed, I had dinner just after I came back from the run, at about 8:30.

Promise starts tomorrow - going to attempt a 5 am wake up.

In terms of to-do's, training tomorrow is a 2k run and a strengthening session right after. I'll also have to remember to pray first thing in the morning.

See you tomorrow, lads.
