---
title: March 24th - Play by Play
date: 3/24/2026
---

5:04 PM - just finished writing the daily post for today, and i'm about to push everything out to the main webpage.

5:07 PM - I geniunly do not want to do anything. I just feel like sitting down in front of the computer and just numb myself with Youtube. I'm trying to think of what "productive" thing I can get myself to do that will take minimal effort - at the minimum I'll have to just not mess-up and if anything just stare at the wall blankly, not go back at least. I'm thinking of reading, but I don't think I can focus on that long-enough, maybe I just need to force myself to. I'm going to go read then^[About an hour ago I donwloaded the book *David: A Man of Passion and Destiny, by Charles R. Swindoll*, so I'll be giving that a read.] - I promise I'll drag myself through it, and if I stop or turn to do anything else, I'll write about it and timestamp it here.

6:12 PM - I've finished reading. Think I did about two or three chapters^[They're short chapters]. If God was speaking to me through the book, he was certainly remainding me that it isn't by my own strenght that I win battles, that it isn't even my battle's that I'm fighting. It's all his. No glory (at least no lasting glory) will come for those who seek it for themsleves. Lasting glory come only for those that are _Men after God's own heart_. That is to say, I need to remember to put him first, to not be intimidated or ashamed to name him as the guiding post for my life. God is after all that and much more in my life - whether I want to accept it or not sometimes. Going to take a quick break, perhaps get a drink - generally just some moments of stillness, no screens, no quick-dopamine. I'll come back and write about what I'll do next. I'm thinking of studying some math to close off the day, but we will see in just a second when I write that next entry.
